Yeah.
in Texas all of the telephone lines are down well it's flooding down in Texas all of the telephone lines are down
Yeah, I've been tryin' to call my baby Lord, I can't get a single sound
♪ About to drive home me insane ♪
43rd wedding anniversary.
Congratulations.
Wow.
Get the hell out of here.
I gotta say, 43 was my basketball number.
That's my lucky number.
I mean, I say, get out of here, man.
Nice work.
Lady, woman, man, mister, miss, whoever you are, congratulations.
Well done.
I hope you get 20 more at least.
home to stay.
Well, I'm leaving you, baby.
Lord, I'm going back home to stay.
I don't mind no plus or minus Baby the sun shines everyday ♪ ♪ ♪
Is it not reasonably safe to say that Stevie would not have played a lot of his best stuff if Jimmy wouldn't have sang it first?
And since that's the case, I mean, there's no question to be answered.
We needed them both.
Please no calls for action of that nature in the chat.
I don't want to have to start moderating, but.
If that's how you feel, it's not something that we can express right now on social media in that way.
And it's certainly not something that I'm gonna risk all this other truth to say.
So please don't type those kinds of things in again, if you don't mind.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not, that's not the way life is.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a Ph.D.
in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Gosh darn it you Darny darn thingy sometimes that other program starts up on its own Darn it.
That's annoying
Oh, man.
Oh, darn it.
Anyway, good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Let's spend a little more time dispelling this enchantment, trying to get to understand the illusion a little better.
This is GigaOM Biological.
We are trying to follow in the steps of people who called it like they saw it.
We live in very interesting times, and there's lots of ways to become distracted from the truth, because indeed, your consciousness has been prime real estate for some time.
And so in trying to break free,
Often panic has been induced.
We're trying to be a little more calm about it here on GigaOM Biological.
And I hope you can appreciate that really what we perceive to be true is all that has ever mattered to these people.
And that's what makes it so, so darn dangerous.
dangerous, that these fundamental ideas still really aren't spreading like the wildfire that they should be.
And I think these ideas need to spread like wildfire.
And we need to stop making it too complicated.
Fifth Generation Warfare is just a group of people that is spectacularly committed to telling a tale, a mythology, lies.
And the way that they get away with it is because they have also convinced us over the last few years or more that attributing bad motives to those we disagree with is a legitimate way of arguing, a legitimate way of having a debate.
And while you might think that, ah, this is just in politics or this is just in advertising, no, ladies and gentlemen, it has become also something that essentially has replaced whatever used to be called debate
And I think you're going to be very interested to know or to realize or to sense the role that this slide here in particular might have in the narrative that we're going to present today.
And you're thinking, what narrative are you talking about now, Mr. Cooey?
Well, I'm about to show you something that you may not have seen before.
And it may change the way that you see other things now.
And that's really what learning is all about.
It's about adding
adding knowledge which you can you can count on and I would argue that the things that these people are collecting and claiming is knowledge is actually not as high fidelity as they want you to believe and that means most of their their
Their claims are actually charlatanism.
They are snake oil.
And if we learn our history, we're going to find out that our history is a lot of snake oil too.
The biology and the foundations on which a lot of this molecular biology is based, the fidelity has been exaggerated.
Our progress has been exaggerated in many domains, and it's been exaggerated because mentors have mentored students who have mentored other students, and that's where we are.
Basically, we have inherited these charlatans from our parents, and these parents have inherited their power from their mentors.
So the people that they learned from are the scary ones.
The people that these people have learned from and the people that we are being told are the dissidents.
These are the people that we need to learn the history of.
And then we need to pass that history accurately onto our children so that we can make gentle the life of this world as we transition away from their mythology.
That's the plan here in America, at least, is to transition away from their mythology in a peaceful and growing experience for us and our families and our communities so that this wave of lies that has been manufactured and is threatening to sweep our communities over the coming years and sweep our children through our schools and through the media and social media and their phones
that we instead learn, teach our children to see it and surf on it.
And I'm really, really, really excited.
Yeah.
So if you've been here for a while, you're here at the top of the wave, where we stay focused on the biology.
We don't take their bait on social media.
And we definitely love our neighbors.
If not, maybe you're a skilled TV watcher in need of a life preserver, in need of a surfboard.
And, well, you're in the right place, because this is the place where a lot of people have been
you know, slipped through the net, so to speak, and actually found GigaOM Biological through someone else.
Usually this doesn't happen, and that's why you can see that I still only have 3,100 followers on Twitch and about 14,000 followers on Twitter, because linear growth is linear growth, and programmed growth is something entirely different.
And this is just linear growth.
This is like, you know, old school email chains and that's about it.
That's about it.
We had a family night the other day to go see the last Planet of the Apes in the movie theater.
We added extra pain to that.
It wasn't really pain, but movie theater going can be very painful.
Um, the movie theater that we go to in Pittsburgh is kind of old and I don't want to be too pessimistic, but the chairs are pretty old and the seats have been sat in a lot and by people heavier than me.
And so whatever, um,
But we accidentally went half an hour early because we had the schedule wrong.
And that's really pain you don't want to add at the movie theater nowadays.
Ladies and gentlemen, this illusion is sustained through your active participation.
That means you can choose to let go of the rope whenever you want to.
As Dan Cohen yesterday so eloquently said, we've got to drop some of these ropes that we've been enticed to pull on.
And the way to do that is informing yourself and then you can engage in informed noncompliance and stop pulling the rope.
That's what we want to try and do here today.
do do
Good morning, everybody.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
It is the 30th of May and I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as usual, in the back of my garage.
It's a really pretty day out, but it was like eight degrees last night, Celsius.
I only know that because my wife told me this morning.
Otherwise, I'd probably tell you it was like
45 degrees or 48 degrees last night.
And our little chickens, I left them open so they had their first taste of some chilly weather.
Which was, I don't know, it was funny.
They're fine though.
They look like they're no worse for the wear.
Welcome to the show.
I'm very happy to have you here Thursdays are usually a throwback Thursday kind of thing But I had this show that I started day before yesterday yesterday I had a gentleman by the name of Dan Cohen on and I have been in contact with Dan for a while and we have
kind of this standing project that he had going that I had agreed to help with at some point that I never really helped with because of the timing of books and movies and not for me, but him and books for me and
and yada, yada, yada.
We're here now.
We had a great show yesterday.
If you didn't see it, it's a really insightful discussion.
One of the bigger messages to come out of it that I think is gonna get into everybody's, in between everybody's teeth in a painful way is that one of the issues that grinds everybody's gears when it comes to Israel and Judaism and the past and the future and Palestine and all this other stuff
is the idea that it is a Jewish conversation about Zionism and what Zionism is and isn't.
And so I'm not going to try and reiterate that now, but that's what I think Dan did a pretty good job of covering in that podcast, even though in retrospect he says that he wasn't
firing on all cylinders because he missed his coffee or something like that.
So we'll probably have to have him on again.
And what I think is significant about that episode in case I probably have it queued up, sorry, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Yesterday, we had Dan Cohen on, and we were trying to get another aspect of this illusion of consensus model of thought control and habit control, question control.
And I thought that he did a very good job of also admitting
that when I had shown a clip at the beginning from the Jimmy Dore podcast that he was on about eight months ago, and he felt really like his understanding had significantly evolved.
And more importantly, as I expressed in the beginning of the show, his ability to express his understanding of it has evolved in such a way that he wished he had another shot at that.
And how he said it on my podcast, I think was a little better.
Our broadcast was a little better.
And he was a little happier with it, at least he had another shot at it.
So please, if you haven't seen it after this show, check that out.
It's worth watching or listening to.
I think it's really, at least it brought me to a more sophisticated
perception of understanding.
I'm sure that I still don't get it.
And maybe even he's still doesn't get it, but it's a more sophisticated understanding than whatever the PBS NewsHour has been trying to give me.
And admittedly, that's part of the...
That's part of the reason why I think this throwback part of this show will be nice.
Now remember, we did this two days ago.
We got through about 17 minutes of the video, and in that video, if we look back in the notes, what we see is that McKernan and Bridle, and I guess I have to fold this over, don't I?
This should work.
They started with the idea that DNA is potentially dangerous.
Kevin's got the data, is what Byron Bridle said at the beginning.
Health Canada has confirmed some of this data and specifically confirmed that the SV40 is a bioactive sequence and that shouldn't be present.
David Speaker confirmed this.
And so since it wasn't disclosed, this is a rules violation.
They say things like it's there in the vials, it's present in the vaxed or in the injured vaxed with not so much evidence, but they do say that there are papers, so there could be, and I need to look that up yet and follow up.
I'm assuming they're in the notes of this video.
But specifically, I noted that Kevin McKernan said mammalian transfection, he said willful misconduct, not criminal negligence, but willful misconduct.
And that could be
the more precise term.
I think we would need somebody like, I don't know, a lawyer or something like that to confirm that.
I've never said I'm a lawyer.
I hope you don't think I've ever said that.
Transfection vehicle is also something that Kevin McKernan said in those first 17 minutes.
And then Byron Bridle was allowed to basically explain how Health Canada has admitted everything needed to recall these shots, but hasn't recalled them.
And so,
So one assumption might be that they're assuming that theirs wasn't contaminated, but that's not true because according to them earlier, this guy confirmed that it was.
So just one lie equals liar.
I don't remember exactly what that was from, but I presume it's because they've used the language that this is a big lie and it's not the big lie, right?
There's another big lie that came before this one, otherwise we wouldn't have believed this one.
And so then there's lots of theoretical ways and they use the sequence,
the word choice, this sequence, a lot.
Again, referring backwards to the sequence of SV40, which Kevin McKernan took some time to detail how, although they had well annotated their plasmid, they had, he alleges, left, and I guess the documents confirm this, alleges that this
this is out.
So, they didn't put this in there even though they could have.
It's not that they didn't take it out of the sequence and not report it.
It's just that they didn't annotate it as an SV40 sequence when they could have.
And that one of the arguments that Kevin makes to support this is that if you throw this plasmid sequence into any number of plasmid characterizing
type programs, most if not all of them will identify SV40 as one of the first or default sequences that it's always looking for.
And this would be, and this is not something that they said in those 17 minutes, but this would be because SV40 is such a ubiquitously used promoter sequence in this, what they are now calling process two, but really should just be called standard operating procedure, recombinant bacterial plasmid
production of mass quantities of DNA.
Because that's how you make antibodies.
You start there, you make the RNA, you make the protein.
Then you can clean the protein up because you can use things like anion exchange chromatography to pull all the nucleic acids out from and the proteins become pure.
And then you use that same process to show that the proteins have no DNA or RNA in them.
And that's one of the most expensive processes in producing a biologic like a monoclonal antibody.
And in fact, whole batches of monoclonal antibodies are thrown out as opposed to running them through anion exchange chromatography again, because it's so expensive the first time you do it.
Now, I don't know that from firsthand experience.
I know that from talking to people who have worked in pharmaceuticals and know how the
the economics of making one of these large batches or smaller batches of monoclonal antibodies works.
And so this was all work that was inspired by the work that Mark Kulak did with regard to the antibody patent paradox law review article published in the Yale Law Review that was then cited by the Supreme Court in a decision in 2020 about the
general state of intellectual property law as it concerns monoclonal antibody patents.
And so this is a pretty significant thing, of course.
And so in terms of talking about this sequence and framing it in the right way, given the experience level and background of Kevin McKernan,
one of the nuggets of information that he could have offered up to clarify to people why such a sequence would be present that's associated with, I guess, a virus in simian animals or something, whatever SV40 means.
I think it was just a tube of stuff, not necessarily a virus, the original name SV40.
But Mark has done a lot more work on that than I have.
My point is, is that they keep referring back to this sequence, this sequence, but we're not very clear and crystal clear about the fact that this sequence is ubiquitously present in any commercial plasmid that you were going to buy and design to express a protein, to grow something, to do whatever you were going to do in an academic bench setting.
I would be willing to bet that the SV40 promoter would be one of the few things that
Almost any bench scientist that occasionally uses commercial molecular biology to do some basic manipulation in their experiment would know that SV40 is a very common hot promoter if you just want to get a lot of something.
And I think it would be important to say that if you wanted to emphasize the danger of this, this idea.
Because instead of spreading another equally ubiquitously understood idea in academia like SB40, he could also be spreading very accurately that this was always transformation and transfection.
And we always knew that this wouldn't work no matter how pure it was.
But the fact that they used a process like this makes it much worse.
And that's fine to say, but that's not what we're saying here.
We're not saying that at all.
And you can find tweets where Kevin McKernan specifically said in 2021 or 22 that we would be ashamed to throw out the baby with the bathwater with regard to this contamination.
which is again, the exact bait and switch that I suggested they were going to do somehow with the spike protein already at the beginning of 2021, when this Nature paper came out and so dubiously presented our timeline of understanding of RNA and our timeline of understanding of lipid nanoparticles as progressing in parallel and meeting just in time to save us before the pandemic.
And so the batches that were most contaminated were associated with most injury is, I believe, some kind of hand waving, but I don't know that for sure.
Because remember, the only peer reviewed data that we've seen actually comes from Denmark.
And that seemed to show that there was some injury rate.
correlation with different batches that were used in Denmark.
Now the question is whether or not we can call those placebo batches or not, or whether you're going to buy into the idea that they were handled differently or quality control was somehow different between those batches.
I think this is all smoke and mirrors, again, to get you to run around and ask different questions instead of the main one, which is, wasn't transfection always criminally negligent?
Because we knew that it would be terrible for healthy humans to be transfected.
Isn't that totally true?
But instead, what's likely happened is maybe different transfection vehicles, as he calls them,
Maybe different transfection vehicles were used to
and tested in different places.
And that's what the batch correlations were, or maybe different doses of mRNA or different processes to make the mRNA.
You see what I mean?
All of these things could have been tested.
And we would, in theory, never know because of all the proprietary layers of technology and patented things are involved in making lipid nanoparticle based transfections.
And so remember that Chris Martinson is an FLCCC board member.
And he says things like the vaccine injuries keep coming.
This contaminant, the word this contaminant or this phrase contaminant is used.
So I'm going to take a new page.
And what I really want you to see
is that Chris Martinson is an interesting character to have appeared on this show.
So let me just escape to make sure I get it to play correctly.
So remember the principle here is that the, yeah, it's cranking a little bit.
I don't know why.
Anyway, I hope this works.
The spread of bad ideas being more dangerous than any RNA molecule is not only a catchphrase, it's something that you need to understand in multiple dimensions.
Because as we hypothesize that a, insert your understanding here, background signal of RNA and DNA could easily be misconstrued as spread.
What's wrong?
Why?
Why Yeah, but you can't open it Okay
Sorry, so the spread of any RNA molecules, she's trying to organize health insurance.
It's taken us like three months.
It's crazy.
I think it's because the health insurance system is being overloaded by all the people that have arrived.
But you know, I'm not pessimistic or anything like that.
The spread of bad ideas being more dangerous than any spread of any RNA molecule.
Understand that these bad ideas needed to be seeded before the pandemic.
And these people that presented it to us were seeded before the pandemic.
Off the top of my head, I'm not exactly sure when this comes from.
I think it's like 2012, maybe 2010, because they speak of 2008 as back then.
It might've even been more extemporaneous.
It could've been, I should really find out, but I'm afraid to open my browsers, because I think my browsers being open are some of the reasons why I occasionally go out of sync.
And I don't know that for sure, but I'm just playing it safe here.
Um, so let's watch this video keep in mind We're gonna start this video introducing him with Judy Woodruff Judy Woodruff is the person that was in that photograph from the late 80s or late 70s or early 80s with a
Ted Turner, and Bill Gates' dad, and the head of the Annenberg Foundation, and well, Tom Brokaw, and it was just a very creepy old photograph of the same people who have been telling us the same stories for a very, very long time, and also the heads of some pretty huge weaponized piles of money.
We don't even, I mean, there's so many weaponized piles of money that we don't really talk about when we talk about BlackRock and State Street and whatever else we talk about, and that's very dangerous.
But again, it is the
conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized opinions and habits of the masses that is most important in a democratic society.
And that is Edward Bernays from 1922 already.
And so with the advent of the internet, they have been able to convince us that there was a novel virus that killed a million people.
Now think very carefully about this being seeded and people being put in place like Brett Weinstein and his brother and Joe Rogan and all these people being put in place earlier than they were needed.
maybe with different stories and under different circumstances, influenced or egged on by different people, encouraged by different people.
Maybe the sources of comfort and encouragement came from different directions.
But in the end, all of these people were put in place before the pandemic.
and ready to go at the start of the pandemic when they were going to be needed as the script rolled out.
And in real time, this operation, this limited spectrum of debate was controlled.
Consider, consider this throwback Thursday video, please.
This is the week where Congress appears ready to pass a new budget.
While there's relief among many to see some kind of agreement, the size of the country's debt and deficit remains a major concern.
And that brings us to our closing story tonight, a profile of a popular economic forecaster whose concerns about those issues and the direction of the economy has inspired him to change his life.
NewsHour economics correspondent Paul Solman has a report, part of his ongoing series, Making Sense of Financial News.
Meet Chris Martenson, author, speaker, and consultant to organizations ranging from the U.N.
to corporations, investment funds, and foundations.
With his video crash course on the economy, pulling more than three million views on YouTube, he's become a popular symbol of deep economic discontent.
In 2003, Martinson, a PhD neuroscientist with an MBA, was a high-level big pharma executive with all the perks, big salary, big boat, big house in Connecticut.
But increasingly, he worried about the cost of big government, paid for by America's annual deficits,
hiking our cumulative national debt.
Maybe a bit more highly produced, of course, because he already was doing a podcast and sustaining his life with a podcast before the pandemic started.
He already got promoted on PBS NewsHour before the pandemic started.
Huh.
And he was a pharma executive who decided to, and then the PBS NewsHour is promoting him.
Hmm.
Now before the pandemic, I would have thought, wow, that's really cool.
Good for him.
But now that I'm a little bit more aware of how I've been manipulated my whole adult life, I think, wow, so really, this guy who appears in a video with Kevin McKernan and Byron Bridle and Steve Kirsch is actually a guy who the PBS NewsHour promoted as an insightful alternative economic opinion in America before the pandemic.
And he is on the FLCCC, like,
executive committee, and he supports Steve Kirsch's VSRF, Vaccine Safety Research Foundation, that the Skoll Foundation also supports, that also supports the PBS NewsHour.
And Steve Kirsch is one of the largest private donors to the Democratic National Committee.
And what is going on here?
Are all these pseudo-conservatives actually just part of this global narrative that is going to talk and has been slow rolling a controlled demolition of America?
He's on the PBS NewsHour here.
It's somewhere between 8 and 9 percent per year, and the underlying economy is about half that.
If the whole nation does that, how does the nation not get in trouble?
Of course, this is the Republican refrain of the moment, insisting it's why the debt ceiling shouldn't be automatically raised.
But a decade ago, Martinson was already taking action, selling everything, easing out of his job, moving his family to rural Massachusetts.
where he and his wife, Becca, would homeschool their children, all based on Chris' own dire economic forecast.
I'm absolutely mathematically certain about this, that if we do not willingly, on our own terms as a nation, get our debt levels under control, eventually those chickens will come home to roost.
In the decade that Chris and Becca have been tending their flock, though,
Debt-bedeviled America has paid an effective interest rate of less than zero if you subtract inflation and the usual cost of borrowing money.
So, after all these years, those worried about the risk of a debt collapse are sounding like, well, Chicken Little.
Didn't you think that was already going to have happened?
I think it has happened.
I think it's happened in Detroit.
I think it's happened in Stockton.
When you look at the number of houses on food stamps, when you look at the mean duration of unemployment hovering between 30 and 40 weeks, which is hiding all the people at 99 weeks who got popped off of the rolls,
Did I think it might happen a little faster?
Yeah, absolutely.
You take me from 10 years ago, drop me in this chair and tell me what the Federal Reserve's done in the last two years.
My hair would catch on fire and I'd run out the door, right?
Martinson means the Fed's creation of more than $2 trillion.
But it hasn't just been the growth of government debt and dollars that spooked Chris Martinson.
What differentiates him from the chorus of complaint we have been hearing lately is his rejection of economic growth itself.
We have an economy that's based on growth.
We want jobs to grow.
We would like to see more auto sales next year.
We want more houses sold.
And it's always on a percentage basis.
So even if our economy is growing at just 3% a year, we're going to be doubling it every 24 years.
So how many more times can the world be twice as big?
And when growth stops?
Anticipating the financial turmoil that might follow, Martinson paid off all his debts, bought gold, and built a business, website, book, speaking engagements, sounding an alarm.
that rejects most of how America has been going about its business.
What is wealth?
If I say wealth, sometimes people think money, but money is not wealth.
It's a way to store wealth.
Primary sources of wealth, that would be rich soils, a thick stand of trees, rich fishing waters.
That's primary wealth.
And, yes, the preacher puts his secular sermons into practice.
With a vegetable garden and orchard for food, Chris has lost some 30 pounds.
Preacher puts his secular sermons to practice.
Ah, you demon.
Darn it.
Sorry.
Gotta find where he is there.
Nope.
In the decade that Chris and Becca have been tending their flock, though,
Debt-bedeviled America has paid an effective interest rate of less than zero if you subtract inflation and the usual cost of borrowing money.
So, after all these years, those worried about the risk of a debt collapse are sounding like, well, Chicken Little.
Didn't you think that was already going to have happened?
I think it has happened.
I think it's happened in Detroit.
I think it's happened in Stockton.
When you look at the number of houses on food stamps, when you look at the mean duration of unemployment hovering between 30 and 40 weeks, which is hiding all the people at 99 weeks who got popped off of the rolls, did I think it might happen a little faster?
Yeah, absolutely.
You take me from 10 years ago, drop me in this chair, and tell me what the Federal Reserve's done in the last two years, my hair would catch on fire and I'd run out the door, right?
Martinson means the Fed's creation of more than $2 trillion.
But it hasn't just been the growth of government debt and dollars that spooked Chris Martinson.
What differentiates him from the chorus of complaint we have been hearing lately is his rejection of economic growth itself.
We have an economy that's based on growth.
We want jobs to grow.
We would like to see more auto sales next year.
We want more houses sold.
And it's always on a percentage basis.
So, even if our economy is growing at just 3 percent a year, we're going to be doubling it every 24 years, right?
So, how many more times can the world be twice as big?
And when growth stops, anticipating the financial turmoil that might follow, Martinson paid off all his debts, bought gold, and built a business, Web site, book, speaking engagements, sounding an alarm.
that rejects most of how America has been going about its business.
What is wealth?
If I say wealth, sometimes people think money, but money is not wealth.
It's a way to store wealth.
Primary sources of wealth, that would be rich soils, a thick stand of trees, rich fishing waters.
That's primary wealth.
And, yes, the preacher puts his secular sermons into practice.
With a vegetable garden and orchard for food, Chris has lost some 30 pounds in the process, solar panels for comfort.
These are the kinds of investments that make a lot of sense to me, because they're tangible.
I understand them.
It's different than sending my money off to Wall Street and crossing my fingers and hoping for the best.
The hardest thing about the transition was
explaining to people in my family, in my community what we were doing, because they really thought we were crazy.
PAUL SOLMAN.
At first, his wife thought Chris was crazy, too.
But Becca Martinson began to study.
What did you read that most impressed you or had the biggest impact on you?
the book called The Creature from Jekyll Island, which describes our money system and how money is created.
That was just such an eye-opener for me.
So you hadn't realized that money was just created out of thin air?
Nope.
That is not something that is commonly known, really, in our culture.
It's certainly not taught.
It's not talked about.
And it's true.
Interesting that the PBS NewsHour guy says it as though, don't you know that money's created from thin air?
That's no big deal.
What are you, silly?
I think that's an interesting take to notice that already.
It's almost like,
Um, they wanted the PBS NewsHour audience to feel dumb.
Um, you know, like, and, and, oh, yeah, not very many people know, but I knew.
Oh, yeah, I knew.
Can you hear it?
The people yelling at their screen, agreeing, yeah, I knew, that not very many people know that.
Shoot, I was one of those people yelling at my screen like that, probably.
It is true, but to many, a conventional economist, kind of trivial.
But of course, to skeptics, the Fed is the so-called creature from Jekyll.
That is not his current wife.
No, I think they divorced before the pandemic or right at the beginning of the pandemic.
I don't know when.
You have to look that up.
I don't know.
But it's definitely not the woman that he now streamed with.
I don't know who that is.
Island.
And, yes, money creation, without anything to restrain it, can run riot.
Germany in the 1920s, Zimbabwe more recently.
And so, even though U.S.
inflation has remained but a blip for decades, it's easy to picture the worst.
They are going to print a ton of money.
So inflation is how you measure whether or not our debt is a problem, which is also weird, right?
That's not very, it doesn't seem like very good economics to me.
And now they're going to play this video that I bet a lot of us have already seen, and they're going to make fun of it, which is really scary how they do it because they actually don't say it's wrong.
They just say it's silly or something like that listen carefully because as jay, uh as one of the people in the chat, I think it was
The guy who starts with a J, Jason, pointed out this is a very creepy video if you think about it being pre-pandemic and now that guy being part of Steve Kirsch's little narrative network.
And in fact, remember I told you on the show two days ago, he was also in that signal chat with me and Brett Weinstein and a few other people, which makes this even creepier.
And I am going to be presenting at a conference organized by G. Edward Griffin in a few weeks, which is also weird.
I don't even know what to say anymore.
Our money system and how money is created.
I don't doubt Edward.
I'm just saying it's all.
So you hadn't realized that money was just created out of thin air?
Nope, that is not something that is commonly known, really, in our culture.
It's certainly not taught, it's not talked about, and it's true.
It is true, but to many a conventional economist, kind of trivial.
But of course, to skeptics, the Fed is the so-called creature from Jekyll Island.
There it is.
And yes, money creation without anything to restrain it can run riot.
Germany in the 1920s.
Zimbabwe.
Without anything to restrain it?
What's restraining it now?
I don't see that.
That is an interesting statement.
money printing without anything restraining.
It is dangerous.
So what's the implication in America?
We've got restraints on it?
Wow, right?
Wow.
See it, please see it.
More recently.
And so even though US inflation has remained but a blip for decades, it's easy to picture the worst.
They are going to print a ton of money.
Which may explain why this viral video mocking the Fed's policy
has become perhaps the most popular economic explainer ever.
Why do they call it the quantitative easing?
Why don't they just call it the printing money?
Because the printing money is the last refuge of failed economic empires and banana republics, and the Fed doesn't want to admit this is their only idea.
The mass appeal of such
I'm gonna play it again and now I want you to listen very carefully to the fact that the PBS NewsHour guy doesn't say that the video is wrong.
That printing money is the last refuge of banana republics.
He doesn't say that it's wrong.
Listen carefully.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people have been telling the masses exactly what's going on.
And they started before the pandemic.
That's why so many people have totally bought into this narrative.
Which may explain why this viral video, mocking the Fed's policy, has become perhaps the most popular economic explainer ever.
Why do they call it the quantitative easing?
Why don't they just call it the printing money?
because the printing money is the last refuge of failed economic empires and banana republics, and the Fed doesn't want to admit this is their only idea.
The mass appeal of such skepticism may help explain right-wing budget intransigence today.
But Chris and Becca Martinson are not simply austerity scolds or Fed-a-phobes.
Fed-a-phobes?
When it comes to what we should do,
They sound like the small is beautiful crowd that flourished on the left in the 1970s.
Whoa, that one's heavy.
So the evangelist of hard money and small government also proselytizes for renewable energy.
And if we deployed it, we would be burning less fossil fuels.
Deploy it!
Deploy it, says Chris Martinson.
All of it could be domestically manufactured.
When you talk to conservative audiences and you start talking about
national investment in alternative energy.
Don't they, at the very least, look at you funny?
Oh, windmills, solar panels.
Oh, absolutely.
Awesome.
Absolutely.
But this is not a left-right issue.
There's your answer.
I don't take left-right positions.
If it saves money, it creates jobs, it enhances national security, it's good for the environment, who could be against that?
Well, people who think— See, people are now trying to be not on the left or the right.
He was one of the pioneers.
He was set up, probably.
It's obvious.
It's awful.
I think that government should not be so involved in making decisions for us.
But if, you know, the choice was, listen, we were going to print up $2.4 trillion and we were either going to give it to the banks or we were going to do something else with it, I think this would be something else.
We will muddle through, but one thing we're not going to muddle through with is an exponential economy that needs more, more, more all the time.
suppose you're wrong about the debt that guy wears that hat all the time though for like 20 years he's just a dork just that we're not on the right track if i had to give just maybe bald it's unsustainable in my own life i've cut my standard of living in half i've doubled my quality of life i'm not saying everybody should do that or i'm admirable because of it but i've learned he cut his standard in living in half but didn't he say that he was like a really successful
Multi-millionaire with boats and stuff.
So he cut his lifestyle in half.
What did he get rid of his big yacht?
Stop throwing parties and flying people in for them.
What what does that mean?
We're supposed to think that he went from you know Contributing to his community to really contributing to his community now No He didn't contribute to his community before and now he's not either now.
He's even more off of it like
I'm only reasonably sure I'm right in critiquing Chris Martinson because he was part of that signal chat with Brett Weinstein and myself where all of them basically were listening and asking, able to ask questions of me while I thought I was finally getting attention from people that mattered and none of them ever helped my family.
It just basically helped them stay ahead of my ideas or to pass them on to other people, or I guess just figure out a way to keep me quiet.
And if I gave you all the details of all the acting and nonsense that went on inside of that little signal chat that I'm almost positive was mostly for me, it's absolutely absurd.
It's a yucky thing that's going on here.
And keep in mind that that signal chat was three years ago and these two guys, Chris Martinson and Brett Weinstein were just recently down in Panama and came back with the big scoop on the invasion.
And they're not doing anything about it.
They just paraded around, Brett Weinstein paraded around this week that he had a success against great odds against the who this week and we should all be celebrating.
read a Meryl Nass tweet live about celebrating the victory, popping champagne because we beat the who.
They're all the same little network of people that's pretending to be conservative, patriots, bald eagles.
I think they're playing us, ladies and gentlemen.
I think it's very, very much worth considering that we may be being played and have been played for quite some time.
And it is my privilege or my curse that a lot of these people, let me use the word, courted me during 2020 and 21, and the beginning of 22, and were unable to get me to stick to the novel virus killed millions, millions more were saved, probably came from a laboratory, therefore will come again theory.
The harder they press, the farther I went.
Now, for a lot of them, essentially, I'm a no-virus guy.
And for a lot of the no-virus people, I'm just controlled opposition.
How many of those people are trying to dissect our recent history in such a precise way to show you exactly how possible it is yet to see this history?
It's still right there.
And to do the work that Mark's doing, besides the time,
is really just clever combination or whatever you call it, searches with more than one term.
I'm not trying to take anything away from the excellent work that Mark does, but Mark makes the argument himself.
He wants more people to be doing it.
You think Mark wants to be the guy that says, you know, if you were going to kill a million people, you wouldn't just kill them and put them in an oven.
You'd use them first for something smart.
And if you were gonna transfect a billion people around the world for a pandemic that didn't exist, you're not just gonna do it, you're gonna do it with some degree of precision so that you can learn something from it.
at least in certain places where it's possible, where the database is present, where the infrastructure is there, or where the legislative structure can allow you to implement it secretly under the pretense of a national security operation.
And that national security operation involves people that were put in place before the pandemic to be present and ready to curate the limited spectrum of debate that would be necessary to trick the whole world into trying to solve the mystery of a lab leak virus.
And I think that Chris Martinson might have been put in place very early as one of these forward thinkers that can see around the corners so that when the virus was declared present, that people like him in different corners of the internet would already be in place to have a pretty good idea of what would be said and already have a pretty good idea that if they said what they were told,
that their star would rise, not because of spontaneous algorithmic results, but from carefully pre-programmed, you know, behavior of the social platforms and carefully orchestrated pseudo-censorship, which all of these people claim, of course.
I got censored.
I can't do this on YouTube anymore.
Before the pandemic, I was on YouTube.
Now I can't be on YouTube anymore.
Very common claim.
Let's let this go.
Sorry, it's almost done.
We can do things far more efficiently and effectively and have better outcomes.
And why wouldn't we do that?
In the end, Chris Martinson may be just another economic doomsayer with an enthusiastic online following.
But his popularity and his voicing of the disaffections of Americans right and left alike suggests he may instead be a wishful throwback to the American tradition of simple self-reliance in the face of an ever more complex, impersonal global economy, an economy that could turn out to be unsustainable.
Could turn out to be unsustainable.
Interesting, huh?
Let's, let me just, let me just see if we can see when that, it was PBS News.
I don't want to use my browser.
Can you just look, really, you just have to look Chris Martinson, PBS News, and it'll come up and then you can find out when that video was.
I would really like to know.
Anyway, so this limited spectrum of debate is curated by these people.
And so I want to watch that.
And check this out.
I want to put that up now.
And I think I have that here, actually.
I can save this really quick just to make sure I do that.
And then I'm going to play this video.
This one over here, this video.
Yeah, that's one.
And I'm going to play it fast 1.7 speed to get through the first 17 minutes, which I think is important to hear.
And if it's too fast, that's too bad.
And then we'll start taking notes on on the video after that, because there are some interesting topics that they cover.
Which I think from a biological perspective, we can point out kind of how uniquely focused they are on certain things.
So here goes nothing.
It might be a little loud, so I'm going to jack this down a little bit.
Hi, Steve Kirsch here.
I'm here with Dr. Kevin McKernan and Professor Byron Bridle.
We're talking about this plasmid contamination in the vaccines.
And I've got a lot of questions.
I think you probably have a lot of questions.
We're going to go through them with these experts and get your questions answered.
And I'm going to try to start with kind of the most serious and the ones that are on most people's minds, which is, you know, the press isn't making a big deal of this.
The community is not in arms.
Nobody's calling for the stoppage of these vaccines because the experts say there's nothing to see here.
And so there's nothing to worry about.
So let's start off with that because that's the elephant in the room.
Because when I talked to Kevin and Byram about this, they say that this is very serious.
You cannot write this off.
And that these so-called experts, that they're saying there's nothing to see here.
It's all based on speculation.
And this could be extremely, extremely serious.
Is that correct, gentlemen?
You want to start?
Sure, yeah, you're 100% correct, Steve.
We don't have, you know, Kevin and the others who have been directly producing this, these data, right, Kevin, Kevin made this discovery, lots of other labs have confirmed it, they, I mean, we're lacking the data to definitively state what exactly could be happening biologically, which means, since Kevin and his colleagues are the ones who have generated and have the data, these other experts who are being asked, they do not have the data, they have no idea, yet they can only speculate.
What we do know, this is very
Yes, this is just a repeat of the beginning of that, but we're going to go through that.
Just watch the notes really quick.
It'll only take like five minutes.
Very, very, very important.
Health Canada, the equivalent of the FDA, but in my country, Canada.
Health Canada has confirmed, and they seem to respond once Kevin reported his findings, they went and looked and they have confirmed the presence of the SV40 promoter in the bacterial plasmid DNA that Pfizer used to manufacture their shots.
Health Canada has also confirmed that it is a bioactive genetic sequence, which means that it can do things in the body.
And they can't definitively say or rule out the potential for harm, but they have admitted that it's bioactive if it should be contaminating the vials.
Now we have data due to work that Kevin did with Dr. David Speaker, a virologist in Canada, showing that all of the vials they looked at for Pfizer in Canada were also contaminated with this bacterial plasma DNA, so indeed it is there, it is being injected into people, and Health Canada has also confirmed that that was not disclosed to them by Pfizer, and finally they've confirmed that that is against the rules, it breaks the rules.
So no, nobody can say definitively that this can cause no harm.
Nobody knows.
Kevin?
You agree with that?
One minor correction is I'm not a physician or doctor, so I just want to let everyone know that my position here is really good.
I'm good at studying DNA.
It's there.
All right.
We've got that confirmed all over the world.
Six different labs.
We would have in 12 more labs.
We've got a list of labs asking for these PCR kits.
We couldn't supply them because we just didn't have enough of them.
So we finally have them manufactured at some scale where we can give them out to more people.
But it's there in the vials.
The next question is, is it in patient samples that have been injured?
Is it in patient samples that haven't been injured?
We need to look at both populations to see what's going on here.
So for those not familiar with what this bioactive molecule is, this SV40 enhancer has been published prolifically as being a tool used in gene therapy.
So it takes DNA and drags it right to the nucleus in hours.
It's used in gene therapy.
It's used ubiquitously on the bench.
That's important to understand.
It probably is present in some large fraction of all molecular
commercial products that you know, like here's a plasmid that does something.
You can use it for a wide variety of things.
Almost all of those products, no matter who sells it, will probably have some version of SB40 in it.
And I'm not a molecular biologist, I challenge somebody to go and show me that, oh, no, it's only 1%.
He's totally an idiot.
And I just wouldn't admit it like that's fine.
But I think you will find that it's much more ubiquitous than you think.
And that's part of the reason why
It was so easy for them to unmask this Scooby-Doo villain because any rudimentary database scanning, sequence scanning,
sequence mapping plasmid program would be looking for this as a very standard aspect, a standard component of any commercial plasmid.
That's probably the best way to say it.
It is a very common component of many commercial plasmids.
And so to say that this is widely used in gene therapy is already, in my mind, using very careful language, which actually, again,
creates this limited spectrum of debate that's incorrect.
It is not just used in gene therapy, because gene therapy is almost not used anywhere except for into the transformation and transfection of people to augment their immune system right now.
Unless you're a cancer patient,
And so to say this in this way is very precisely wrong and chosen to be that way.
So let's go back and make sure we get that on, on, on.
you know, we get it right.
So we finally have them manufactured at some scale where we can give them out to more people, but it's there in the vials.
The next question is, is it in patient samples that have been injured?
Is it in patient samples that haven't been injured?
We need to look at both populations to see what's going on here.
So for those not familiar with what this bioactive molecule is, this SV40 enhancer has been published prolifically as being a tool used in gene therapy.
So it takes DNA and drags it right to the nucleus in hours.
We can also forward your audience other papers suggesting that when you do mammalian transfection like this, a subset of the cells, somewhere around 7% to 10% of the cells get permanently integrated when you bombard them with linear fragments of DNA like this.
So to say that this isn't an issue is really, I think, willful misconduct.
You have to take a precautionary principle and say, no, wait a minute, we don't know if this is an issue.
We know there's DNA in there that shouldn't be, that was never disclosed and never consented to.
We know it's in a transfection vehicle, and we know it has a sequence that drives it to the nucleus.
Those three things are enough to ring alarm bells to stop.
Stop and look to see if there's integration happening.
Because if there is, there's a whole host of other complications that we have to begin looking at.
So go ahead.
Yeah, I mean, at a very minimum, the regulator should be warning the public.
They should be saying, well, we have a major problem here.
We're looking into it.
You probably don't want to if you don't need to be vaccinated, don't be vaccinated right now until we can look into this.
Isn't that what?
And so now the important thing to understand here, what they're obfuscating is that it isn't just this process that they used.
and the contamination from that process that we're talking about and the mistake that was made.
And therefore that's where the injuries come from, which are all questions that they want you to be asking.
They want you to feel like, oh, I get it.
This is really important because all these vaccine injuries might've actually come from this.
And in that case, transfection might be a lot better than we thought.
And so, wow, this is really crucial that we get this right.
It's crazy that the FDA and the CDC is not more interested in this outcome.
They want your wheels to turn like that.
But that's incorrect turning, because even in the best case scenario, transformation and transfection of healthy humans was always going to be a catastrophe.
They knew that.
That's where the willful misconduct is.
That's why I think it's criminal negligence.
It's criminally malicious.
I don't know what the right legal term is, but this is like poisoning someone's food.
This is not like accidentally, oh, sorry, I didn't mean to hand you a gas can.
I thought I was handing you the milk.
That's not the kind of, that's not that either.
It's really willfully injuring people, probably with the idea of testing different concoctions, different preparations, different everything.
If you're gonna hurt,
a billion people under the pretense of an emergency, you just don't hurt them all.
You do it with some systematic something or other so that you can learn something from it.
Nothing is ever done willy-nilly.
Even if you believe that this is a depopulation agenda, they're not just gonna kill people, ladies and gentlemen.
If you believe this is a depopulation agenda, it's even more important to understand the context and the mythology of World War II in the way that Mark and Uwe started to really bring to the light in the podcast that we did together on Sunday.
They could not have wasted all those opportunities by just gassing and burning them.
No way they wasted all that opportunity.
It's a very macabre thought, but no way have they wasted this opportunity to roll out a countermeasure under the protection of the PrEP Act.
There's no way they missed this opportunity around the world to test different things, maybe even up to and including graphene oxide for all we know.
And then the presence of it in one place and the absence in another would be the obviously evidence that they didn't do it in one place or did it in another.
And you divide these people because their hamster wheel is different, because their Lollapalooza of lies and the stage that they went to is different in Portugal than in New York City, different in Japan than it was in Africa, different in the Netherlands than it was in Spain.
And how convenient is it that all of these places are segregated by social media that is segregated by language?
And so you get this several different layers of Lollapalooza of lies in your native tongue, but also in the universal language of English circulating around and going viral, supposedly by the will of the algorithm.
It's by pre-programmed notions rising to the top and pre-programmed heroes being pre-programmed to say the right things.
And don't take that like these guys are all tortured to do it.
They just sit down at a table and say, yeah, that's great because these ideas have been around since the sixties.
since Hilary Koprowski and Justin, Julian Huxley and Joshua Lederberg and Jonas Salk.
We're talking about what we needed to do as a race.
and how the resources of the globe needed to be distributed as a whole, and controlled and governed as a whole, and that we needed to think about human evolution a lot more seriously than we are right now, willy-nilly letting any random process go forward at this stage, given the understanding that we have of biology, would be ridiculous.
It would be abdicating our responsibility as stewards over our own genetics.
That's what these books say, ladies and gentlemen.
Where Hilary Koprowski and Lederberg and all these people that Mark and others have just wonderfully shown you how they've been talking and walking and eulogizing each other for decades already.
Stanley Prusiner.
the Sackler family, all intertwined with the same group of people that's read these books and talked about these ideas, including the ideas that we just heard Chris Martinson say on the PBS NewsHour before the pandemic about unsustainability.
And if we have all these people and we keep having growth, then there's going to be all kinds of twice as many people, he said.
And now he's in the background of this podcast waiting to come in and lend his PBS NewsHour insight.
Regulators should be doing right now.
I'll comment from the perspective of Health Canada.
Steve, yes, I can't emphasize this enough.
Health Canada has stated in an email, so it's publicly available, they've stated in an email that this is not supposed to be there, and they've confirmed that it's a bioactive molecule, it's not supposed to be there.
It breaks the rules.
I mean, if they want to maintain any thread of trust in them by the public, they need to immediately put a moratorium on this.
They need to, like, any other drug that would be found with a contaminant that was not disclosed to them would be
recalled immediately.
That is exactly what should happen.
So I actually disagree with you.
I wouldn't say if there's anybody who doesn't need it, don't take it.
I would say Health Canada, the onus is on you now.
You admitted this months ago, but you were wishful or you at least were okay because Kevin's data was reserved for the U.S.
It wasn't linked to your regulatory policies.
But now Kevin and David Speaker and others have shown that it applies to Canada's vaccine vials.
So now the public knows this and the onus is on you.
You have a contaminant now that you have publicly disclosed to everybody.
It's not supposed to be there.
It was not revealed to you.
It breaks your rules.
I mean, this is the case, Steve.
How many lies do you have to tell to be a liar?
One, right?
So if Health Canada wants to restore
or if they have to immediately recall the spot.
But they haven't.
They've done nothing.
Just one lie, it makes you a liar.
That's why we wrote that.
Okay, that was pretty good then.
That's fine with me.
Nice work, Byram.
But again, they have him focused on the one lie, the one lie that's okay to talk about, which is that the shot is really, really bad, right?
That's the T-shirt that we make back there.
The COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020.
And so as long as they keep Byram excited and focused on the legal challenge to the shot and the legal challenge to whether or not Pfizer was good guy or bad guy or who's, then it's totally fine.
As long as they keep him convinced behind the scenes that somebody like Jonathan Cooley is definitely not worth listening to.
long as they keep him behind the scenes thinking that Jessica Rose has got all that injury taken care of along with John Bodewin, as long as he thinks behind the scenes that Steve Kirsch is great and Robert Malone is great and Pierre Kory is great, then it's fine if he can do all this.
They don't mind the, this is part of the sparse pandemic narrative.
This is what Epigirl does.
They reveal over a course of a couple of years that indeed,
The rush of a vaccine has injured some people, and those people are really injured, so we're eventually going to have to do something about that.
That's what you're watching right now.
A year from now, that's where we'll be probably.
After the election of whatever savior is coming to our rescue, then these people will be elevated to some additional publicity and cross the red-blue line and unite some people.
on the capitulation that we rushed it and we hurt some people and now we have to, you know, pay reparations or something.
That's the obvious thing here.
So that's, again, you're designed to go, Oh yeah, but I know why they don't want to pull them.
And you gotta be, if you're aware of that, then you can, you know, keep those wheels and not, not, not jump in them.
Can I mention one more thing, Steve, based on what Kevin said?
What's very important is Kevin and David Speaker and several other authors have this preprint that they just put out, which includes this Canadian data, but what also is included in there is very important, because the box up what Kevin was saying, I agree.
When I say that there's no hard evidence of harm, I'm talking about those people who are saying there's nothing to see here, right?
There is no problem.
They have no evidence of that.
Like Kevin mentioned, there are lots of theoretical harms.
Lots of theoretical harms.
Lots of potential mechanisms whereby this bioactive genetic sequence could cause harm.
That is, in and of itself, sufficient.
It should be sufficient in science to say, we've got to stop, we've got to do the research now to definitively answer these questions.
But get this, what they showed in this preprint article is that the batches, the Canadian batches, they were able to link them to adverse event reports, and the batches that were most contaminated were associated with the highest number of adverse events that had been reported.
There's a correlation there, right?
So, in fact, there is some evidence in the hands of Kevin and his co-authors, right, that does suggest harm.
Irreparable harm by the way, right?
Yes, and that that correlation was it was evident with Pfizer It wasn't evident with Moderna, but you know, we need more data there obviously could be confounders here But this is what Maris is designed for is hypothesis generation Yeah, and we see signals like this and there's there's other data That's not in the paper that is public that people should try if you plot those on that on those charts They'll reinforce this like Philip Buchholz Lots weren't in this because I went from Canada and those those have even more DNA than what we found in Canada and higher adverse events We also have another lot that's coming in FL 0 0 0 3 from Pfizer that is off the charts on DNA concentration off the charts on adverse events and
There's a lot that were in Germany.
There are, so there's a couple of lots floating out there that all sort of reinforce this trend that higher concentrations of DNA are having higher adverse events.
So I think as more data rolls in, that chart will begin to reinforce itself on the Pfizer side.
I don't know what's going on on the Moderna side.
There's a lot of other different components of Moderna.
They have lower DNA levels, but their adverse events don't seem to be tracking with the DNA concentrations at the moment.
But we'll see if that changes when more data rolls in.
So again, Moderna doesn't have this SV40 contamination system.
So they're kind of on a different playing field right now.
Yeah, but if you're stuck in the middle here in terms of, hey, some experts say this, and some experts say this, the data that you have is moving it towards the, hey, folks, this is very serious.
It's not moving the data that we have.
The little data that we're getting suggests that this is much more serious than there's nothing going on here.
In other words, if you had to call the odds here, it's like if you were to call the odds about that this is serious or very serious, would you give me 60-40 odds?
Would you give me 80-20 odds?
What's your feeling if I were to ask you for a number?
95.5.
We've got evidence there being a problem here.
It was not disclosed to the regulators.
Theirs is on fire, and we now see this contaminant in many, many vials internationally.
So I don't think they should leave them any wiggle room here on what needs to be done.
This is a hit-and-breaks moment.
So I'm a scientist and a hardcore researcher, right?
So when you ask a question like that, I find it more difficult to put numbers on it.
I don't disagree with Kevin at all.
The way I would put it, though, as a researcher is you look at what the existing data is, right?
There's a research question that's been posed.
So I view the question that you put to me as being a research question.
And then you say, OK, I look at the existing data.
And understanding the mechanisms of the existing data, what would I predict?
In other words, what would my hypothesis be as I move forward with this kind of experimentation that Kevin's going to do?
My hypothesis would be that it's going to be found to be harmful.
Yes.
Chris, if I were to ask you for odds, Kevin said 95-5.
What are your numbers, Chris?
Well, hi, Steve.
Hi, Byron.
Hey, Kevin.
Good to see everybody.
Good to see you.
Likewise.
So I don't know yet, because a lot of my research to this point has convinced me that the spike protein itself is toxic, but I differentiate that I think what I'll call wild-type spike protein, because there's a lot of them, right?
There's the Omicron spike and the Delta and all that, right?
But that this thing, this obviously probably grotesquely misfolded pseudo-uridine out product that comes from the vaccines, has its own toxicity profile.
I think we've got good data to say that alone is doing something.
And now we've got this plasmid on top of that.
So I don't know where to differentiate.
Okay, so I guess we better go back and do that more slowly because that was actually pretty extraordinary.
I'm going to briefly escape out of full screen so I can change this.
Oops, up here.
Get back to a little bit closer to normal speed.
I'll still leave it slightly sped up.
And I want you to listen carefully.
He does say that he thinks the spike protein is toxic.
He also says that it's misfolded, which is very different than being mistranslated or coming to a premature stop codon, which is more likely what happened.
It's actually the first thing that
Kevin McKernan explained to me when he came on my stream for the first time is that one of the things that the pseudouridine does is create premature stop codons, which is the reason why he explained the RNA was just a smear because there were so many little fragments that were made from all the times when the ribosome just dropped off the
RNA spontaneously because of the pseudouridine being present.
So that's very different than being a spike protein that gets translated from beginning to end but gets misfolded.
And so again, if you're not careful, you will miss how
eloquently the walls of the limited spectrum of debate are outlined in almost every sentence and planted in almost every sentence so that the questions you are asking are like, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, and they're all wrong because they are all fundamentally not
They are not stating and not making clear that transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent, independent of how pure it could be done, or how perfect the lipid nanoparticles could be made, or how well you injected it where.
This was always transformation, and it was always transfection, and it was always biologically...
unjustifiable in healthy children or even healthy, beautiful elderly people who should have been with us a few more years, but were neglected in hospitals and then forced to transfect in order to get treatment or anything else.
I mean, it was just diabolical.
And so again, to start off with the spike protein is toxic and probably misfolded is like several layers of bullshit all in one sentence.
So listen carefully.
And understanding the mechanisms and the existing data, you don't want to be harmful.
Yes.
Chris, if I were to ask you for odds, would you, Kevin said 95.5.
What are your numbers, Chris?
Well, hi, Steve.
Hi, Byron.
Hey, Kevin.
It's good to see everybody.
It's good to see you.
Likewise.
Good to see you.
Like what, what does that mean?
Do they know each other?
Cause he didn't present in front of the Senate.
Like you, can you see it's not, this is not funny.
So I don't know yet because the, because I've pretty, a lot of my research to this point has convinced me that the spike protein itself,
is toxic, but I differentiate that I think what I'll call wild-type spike protein, because there's a lot of them, right?
There's the Omicron spike and the Delta and all that, right?
But that this thing, this obviously probably grotesquely misfolded pseudo-uridine out product that comes from the vaccines has its own toxicity profile.
I think we've got good data to say that alone.
Yeah, absolutely.
is doing something.
And now we've got this plasmid on top of that.
So I don't know where to differentiate these effects yet, but I can tell you, you know, I was just at an FLCCC board retreat and, you know, I get to query, you know, Pierre Corey up close, just talking with all the doctors there who are frontline treating people with vaccine injuries,
It's just grotesque.
I mean, it's a really wide ranging soup of conditions that are hitting them.
And these are very long lasting, by the way.
You know, people who got their their shots when it first came out, they are having new symptoms.
Like I know someone who got shot when the shots rolled out and and and she was doing, you know, very poorly that much better than poorly than better.
And, you know, she's been better for a while.
And I just got a call last week that she lost the use of her legs.
and was fine before?
Well, I've been waiting for the all-cause mortality data to die off, because I thought, you know, correlation here, it should, I was thinking it was going to track with some lag, you know, the overall rate of vaccine boostering and uptake, and it's just, it just keeps going, you know, so I don't, these are really tricky signals.
Deceptive.
So that's annoying, because of course we know that the all-cause mortality signals from 2020, again, are the things that they don't want to talk about.
They don't want to look at those in detail, even though their friend, Denny Rancourt, that they met in Romania because they flew him there, showed them very clearly that not only is there a nice signal for maybe as many as 17 million people being killed by the rollout of the transfection, but there is no real signal for a spreading
respiratory disease in 2020.
There are localized increases in all-cause mortality that Denny Rancourt is curiously or dubiously unwilling to address.
And I find it weird that he won't just talk to Jessica Hockett and discuss New York City in a real straightforward sort of way, but kind of avoids it.
But maybe that's just because it's a,
you know, whatever.
I don't know why.
I don't pretend to understand.
But I do know that that's a, that's a, it's a bright spot.
I see that and I think of it often.
And so here, we're talking about all cause mortality.
But conveniently, we're not talking about the all cause mortality that, that, that
that supports the idea that we had to rush a transfection out, supports the idea that Warp Speed was a good idea, or that the CARES Act was a good idea, or that any of these other things that were done were a good idea, all based on the idea that there was a novel gain-of-function virus spreading around.
And in fact, Chris Martinson was on YouTube in 2020 speculating about that virus being gain-of-function and very, very,
early on the side of LabLeak, much like myself.
But unlike myself, who decided that that was a part of the national security state's narrative, and decided to argue against it and read to see if I could support it, this guy has been 100% LabLeak solved.
Barrick, Fauci, and
and DAZAC since 2020 and is still there now.
That is not insignificant.
I should clarify my point is I wasn't saying 95-5 that it definitely harms people this DNA It's just that 95-5 that it's gonna this is a material event in the disclosure process and that it's going to be legally significant, right?
Okay Yeah, if I were asked about the legal yes, I would say a hundred percent I mean health care from what I've seen from Health Canada.
It's a hundred percent.
I
Right.
So so in other words, I mean, even, you know, like best possible case, at a minimum, these regulators should be letting the public know, hey, we may, you know, Houston, you know, we may have a problem here.
That that they should be saying that at a minimum.
Now, what they really should be doing is they should be saying, hey, let's take these things off the market.
Right.
Would you all agree with that, that they should be taking them off the market for now until they can investigate the harms?
I mean, that data was obvious years ago, but this is just one more really large nail in the coffin.
Yeah, so when you say years ago, you know, some people said, oh, hey, we knew in 2021 that the SV40, that there was SV40 in the vaccines.
Is that, or SV40 promoter sequence, did we know in 2021 that- 2021, no.
No, we didn't.
Yeah, the material they gave to the EMA, and I'm assuming this is what Health Canada has been given as well, annotated everything in the plasmid except the SV40 region.
So they were afraid of this.
I mean, you don't go about annotating a plasmid with all the detail of the antibiotic resistance gene, the T7 promoter, you know, the spike protein, the cut site they used to linearize it.
I mean, they went and annotated this thing with all of these details except the most material piece, which is the SV40 promoter that's active in mammalian cells.
cells.
So that is clearly hiding it.
So they showed they showed the gene.
They had the regulators had the SV40 gene sequence, right?
The promoter.
So they had the entire plasmid sequence.
They had the map, and in the map you sort of paint on the map what the parts mean.
There you go.
And what they didn't paint was the SV40 region, although they gave them the sequence so they can kind of slip it in, but they didn't spell out what it meant.
Okay, so you see, Steve, this is what Kevin's talking about.
See, it shows cut sites, it shows all the bioactive genes that are in here, everything.
And you can see all the labels, but they didn't, so they disclosed all kinds of things, but not that SV40 enhancer.
And can I just tell you something, just really quickly for your listeners, Steve, because I think this is really important.
Listen, I've got the quotes.
This is, so your listeners understand, this is what Health Canada, your equivalent of the FDA, said in an email.
This isn't my words, this is what they said.
Listen, Health Canada expects sponsors to identify any biologically functional DNA sequences within a plasmid, such as an SV40 enhancer.
And this is to be done at the time of submission.
And then it says here, how Canada says... Wait a minute, it said that?
Yes, yes.
And then they go on to say the sponsor, which of course is Pfizer, did not specifically identify the SV40 sequence.
And then they say it was possible for Health Canada to confirm the presence of the enhancer based on the plasma DNA sequence submitted by Pfizer against the published SV40 enhancer sequence.
So again, that's what we just talked about.
They submitted the sequence as a data file, so they have a computer file sitting there with the sequence.
They could see, and then they looked at Pfizer's document after Kevin published his data, and they said, my goodness, Kevin found this, but it isn't listed anywhere on here, but we don't have the gene sequence, so we can go back, and Kevin's the expert on this.
He can tell you, you could blast that in a publicly available database, a beautiful one that your government offers, and in a few minutes, you can show, bang, 100% match for the SV40 enhancer sequence in the plasmid.
That's what they did.
Right.
So, so it's the equivalent, you know, so for the lay public, this is the equivalent of a like a bill in Congress where they have this long bill, you know, it's 500 pages long and they sneak in a little piece here that says, and now we're going to strip all power from the president or something like that.
I, you know, and they don't call it to anyone's attention, but they can say, yes, it was in the bill that you signed, but they didn't call it out.
Is that.
It's not as simple as that.
As I just mentioned to you, health Canada himself has disclosed
Pfizer is required to disclose to them any bioactive sequence.
So it's worse than that because it's not just that it got snuck in, it's that it got snuck in, but it's equivalent of there being a rule, you cannot sneak anything else, anything in without making it explicitly clear to us that you've inserted that.
Yes.
Okay, so we have a diagram on the screen here, and this is Kevin's screen.
There's a duplicate of this in Kevin's video testimony that was on the World Council for Health, and so if you want to go through this and explain this with a mouse, Kevin, that'd be awesome.
give you a sense of what they've, so this is the plasmid they gave to the EMA.
I'm assuming this is what they gave to Health Canada.
You can see they've annotated the spike protein here.
They've put in this F1 element, this poly-A linker.
They even annotated this little five base pair sequence known as the EMA-1104i site.
That's a restriction enzyme that cuts open the plasmid and make it linear before they run an IVT reaction.
They put the Ori in here.
They put the CAN in here.
What's not in here is this whole region in here has no annotation at all.
And this is where, sorry, but these images are sort of mirror images of one another, so you'll have to see that the neocan gene is over here in green, and here's the SV40 region, which is not here.
And what's really critical, they also left out the F1 origin, which makes single-stranded DNA.
And I don't know if that's active in mammalian cells, but it's another region that they left out.
But the most critical part here is this 72 base pair enhancer.
This tandem repeat here is published heavily for use in gene therapy.
It drives DNA straight to the nucleus in ours.
And David Dean does a lot of work on this.
So I think this is the reason they hit it, is that they probably started manufacturing this and realized, oops, we left in a mammalian promoter.
That's not good.
That means this plasma DNA is active in mammalian cells and it's not just active in the cytoplasm, it goes straight to the nucleus and that increases.
So I want you to listen again when we go back to hear that he again states that SV40 is used as a promoter in gene therapy.
It's not used ubiquitously on every bench in America's academic biological labs.
It's not used in a lot of different commercial products that are basically plasmids to be grown in different contexts.
No, no, no.
It's used ubiquitously in gene therapy.
You gotta hear it for what it is.
Stop lying!
straight to the nucleus in ours.
Critical part here is this 72 base pair enhancer, this tandem repeat here is published heavily for use in gene therapy.
It drives DNA straight to the nucleus in ours.
And David Dean does a lot of work on this.
So I think this is the reason they hit it, is that they probably started manufacturing this and realized, oops, we left in a mammalian promoter, that's not good.
That means this plasma DNA is active in mammalian cells, and it's not just active in the cytoplasm, it goes straight to the nucleus and that increases integration risk.
And since we're dealing with LNPs, this DNA is going to get there uninhibited, and it probably got deleted from their disclosure.
why you would annotate something that's five bases down here, and even a T7, which is maybe 20 bases up here, and a COSAC consensus sequence.
I mean, you're getting down to fine level annotation of five base pair elements, and then you emit this 366 region base, 366 base pair region that's like probably one of the most functional regions of the plasmid.
So to me, it's clear someone hid something.
So Mark says in the chat that Inder Verma is the world leader on this.
I think he means SV40, but I'm not sure.
If that would be the case, that would be kind of significant because I think Inder Verma has something to do with Robert Malone.
But I can't remember.
You're going to have to check with Mark on that one.
If you don't know who I'm talking about, that's Mark Hucytonic.
Mark Hulak at HucytonicITS.com.
I want to back up the speculation.
People don't go into plasmids by hand anymore and annotate these things.
They put them in tools like Snapgene, which is what I did.
You download this for free off the internet, plug the sequence in, and it paints all of this stuff on there.
So I would have to actively go and delete this stuff from Snapgene and then give it to the FDA.
Yeah, and anyone can go to Snapgene and do this, by the way.
Yeah, I have something in my sub stack that teaches people how to put a DNA sequence in a snap gene and they can put this in there and see that it automatically annotates all this stuff.
And you'd have to actively go and delete the information to get rid of this stuff.
So there's no way in my mind that they just, oops, forgot about this.
Any annotation program painted this and someone had to actively go and delete it.
And Steve, I want to back that up, because I hadn't even thought of it from that perspective, Kevin.
You're absolutely right.
My lab uses snap gene as well, because we make virus-vectored vaccines all the time.
So there's all this cloning work that goes on, and snap gene is used.
And so I can confirm Kevin's right.
It would automatically label this.
It would automatically label it because it's ubiquitously used on the bench, not just in gene therapy, ladies and gentlemen.
but in a wide variety of transfection and transformation scenarios because transformation and transfection is a ubiquitously present methodology across academic biology and academic medical biology and pharmaceutical production.
It's everywhere because producing DNA and RNA has never been cheaper.
So they are obfuscating this, ladies and gentlemen, that again, an entire class of people that exists in America and around the Western world should have known better that using recombinant DNA technology to produce an RNA transfection and rolling it out en masse was about as criminally negligent as poisoning your children's cereal with gasoline in the morning.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that that was a misstep.
And these people are pretending as though that some deceptive person decided to edit that out and everybody else is just innocent.
Well, I didn't know that they did that.
I would have never, oh my goodness.
We're going to have to find the Scooby-Doo villain who's responsible for editing this map.
They must've just edited it.
instead of arguing about the fact that every one of these damn people knew that you shouldn't transfect healthy people, and it didn't matter what they did.
They needed to come up with a Scooby-Doo story so that a mystery could be solved, and you're watching it happen right now.
This is only from like a week ago.
I thought about that, actually.
It's a very interesting point.
So they would actually have to have removed a default label.
Right.
Chris, comment?
Well, I don't know how they could have left that out.
Particularly, Byron, let me be clear about this.
That thing you read, that was instructions given before COVID, before this vaccine came along, where they said,
for instance, you need to call out SV40, or was that something they put in after?
Nope, nope, that's what they said, that's the important point.
Health Canada expects sponsors to identify any biologically functional DNA sequences within a plasmid, such as an SV40 enhancer, at the time of submission.
This was in existence prior to that, because of course, our Health Canada looks, they deal with gene therapies and everything else, that largely comes from the gene therapy regulations, right?
They
The rule's supposed to be that they be made aware of any potentially bioactive sequence and any genetic material that's submitted to them to regulate.
And if it's not, it breaks the rules.
And my understanding was that that was supposed to prompt immediate recall.
But what's the chance that Health Canada or anybody else, the EMA, the TGA, doesn't have access to SNAP gene?
I mean, shouldn't this be minimally what they would do as part of their job?
think.
That's what I've learned from this, Chris.
You're absolutely right.
It raises for me a huge red flag, because I can't definitively say whether they do or do not do that.
But I'll tell you this, Chris, moving forward, I would certainly like to hope that every regulatory agency will do this in the future.
I mean, to me, that, I mean, again, Kevin is the real expert on all this molecular biological work, but it seems to me that this should have been part of the quality control process.
Yeah, so let me clarify something for you, Chris, because the press release... Is anyone else seeing the irony here that when we watched Kevin McKernan from April 24th, 2020 on the Vance Crowe podcast, which you can still see at PeerTube, where it's stream.gigaohm.bio, or you can probably still see it on Twitch and on Rumble.
Just go look for that second program about that appearance.
And let's listen very carefully to how many times Kevin McKernan complains that the FDA and regulation is in the way and holding back our response to the pandemic.
If the FDA could just get out of the way for, man, oh man, do you know that an EUA requires 10 pages of paperwork?
I mean, if it wasn't for the FDA, the pandemic probably would have never occurred according to April 24th, 2020, Kevin McKernan.
Now Kevin McKernan is calling it a regulatory failure?
When is he gonna correct Byron Bridle here?
And say that it was a regulatory framework that held us back in the first place?
Or is he never gonna do that because in 2024 he was lying?
Stop lying!
Or maybe he's lying now.
Or maybe the incoherence is part of the military operation they're executing on us.
You know, this college dropout that worked at the Human Genome Project, and then after he left, he took all the intellectual property with him and sold it for millions, and now he's sitting on multi-generational wealth, and he's helping these people protect this bullshit story.
That's what I see.
That's why someone can be so contradictory.
Go from April 24th, 2020, telling you that the EUA requiring 10 pages of paperwork is a great big pain in the ass.
And all we have to thank for it is the FDA, never mentioned the PrEP Act and talk about how, oh my gosh, I've been fighting regulation my whole life.
It's just a big pain in the ass.
The FDA is corrupt.
Burn it all down, he's probably gonna say.
Just wait.
specifically called out the SV40 promoter.
The press release did.
But it's not in the Health Canada regulation that you must disclose the SV40 promoter sequences such as the SV40 promoter.
In other words, what they wrote in the press release is a more embellished interpretation of their rules.
The rules didn't say you shall always disclose if there's an SV40 promoter sequence in it.
No, but it's bigger than that, Steve.
It says they have to disclose any biologically functional DNA sequence.
Correct.
Which includes SV40.
Right, but the point is that the Health Canada regulations on the books do not specifically call out SV40.
When they wrote the press release,
That's when they added the SV.
What is he saying other than making him ask the wrong questions and agree about solutions or answers to those wrong questions?
Think about how he just, what did he do to Byram there?
Any biologically functional DNA sequence.
Correct.
Which includes SV40.
Right.
No, no, no.
But the point is that the Health Canada regulations on the books do not specifically call out SV40.
When they wrote the press release, that's when they added the SV40, because they're not mind readers in being able to predict the future here.
They basically just said, you have to let us know about any stuff that's in there that is bioactive.
Yeah, so in other words, the regulators, yeah, they're letting Pfizer submit their sequence, and then they're letting them submit their map of the sequence.
And then there's trusting them, having complete faith.
To me, I agree with Chris.
Where's the policing?
Really, we're going to let the big pharma tell us exactly what's in there, and we're never going to question it?
We're the police, guys.
We're the police.
Let me show you something that should have shocked them if they had opened up Snapchat.
Can you guys see the screen?
Yes.
All right.
So this would have stood out to anyone who opened this up in Snapchat, which is why the hell is there an open reading frame in both directions of the spike protein in Pfizer?
That is a very long, unexpected open reading frame.
So that's an entire start codon to stop codon of a gene that runs the opposite direction of the spike protein on Pfizer's vaccine.
This would have been a major alarm bell if they just loaded the vector into SnapGene and looked at this.
I didn't do any work here.
SnapGene highlighted this for me.
All right, this has been published, too, in other papers.
This isn't some spooky thing that's come up on my computer.
People have made note of this, that the Pfizer plasmid, interestingly enough, can be read in the opposite direction without any stop codons for 1,230 amino acids or something.
All right, so that's going to be a bioactive molecule.
Now, when you blast that, it doesn't hit any human genes.
I don't know what it is, but it's not going to be recognized itself.
So it has a potential to make a very large open reading frame of non-self material in the plasmid that's being injected.
But then you would have to have a very large piece of DNA in your shot, right?
Which is not what Buchholz and him found.
They found fragmented DNA.
They haven't found whole
open reading frames of DNA.
I mean, it's in the plasmid, I get that.
But when it comes to what they found in the shot, this is now not being entirely genuine.
That DNA is not in there.
Parts of it might be, but the whole intact sequence almost certainly is not.
They've never, maybe they have, I don't know.
We have to look back at Buckholder's thing, whether he found large, big pieces of DNA or not.
I don't think that he did.
In any event,
In my humble opinion, this is asking more details about something you don't need any more details about.
Transfection, if done in any process, was already criminally negligent to be applied to a healthy population.
Now they have you asking questions about the particular process that was used and its particular outcomes and getting you to argue about whether or not they were honest about those particular processes or those particular outcomes.
And that doesn't matter at all.
where are the police people?
So that would have helped as well.
This has been known since how long?
Since 2021?
Ever since the sequence came out, let me see, the first sequence that came out was from Annie Fiers' lab.
They did RNA sequencing and all they published was, they didn't find any vector, all they published was the spike protein region.
And I think somebody since then, I have to pick up the right author on this, I'm forgetting their name, had noted that there was an open reading frame in the opposite direction on the spike protein that was uninhibited due to their codon optimization.
But everyone wrote it off being like, well, single-stranded RNA, you'll never have that strand around.
Don't worry about it.
But now we know there's DNA in there.
That strand is around.
And that's another bioactive molecule that should have stuck out to any regulator who would like put this in the snap gene and open this.
They would have said, all right, there's SV40, they didn't tell us about that.
There's an F1 origin that makes single-stranded DNA, they didn't tell us about that.
And what the hell is this in a 1,200 amino?
I just don't think that this is a relevant discussion because the plasmid was claimed not to be in the shot.
The plasmid is about design and manufacture and it's proprietary and how they use it might be proprietary.
And I really have the feeling that we are,
being encouraged to bark very vigorously up the wrong tree in the wrong forest.
What is ORF doing here in the opposite direction on Spike?
That's not part of the virus.
The virus doesn't have this.
This is a codon optimization artifact that shouldn't be there.
Is this on the antisense strand?
It is.
Yeah, it's on the other strand.
We don't know if it's got a promoter or not.
Would the bacteria have read that and created RNA?
So this is a really good question.
How do you predict internal ribosomal entry sites?
There aren't good computer programs to look for irises.
There you go.
Let's be honest here, ladies and gentlemen, because once we figure it out, we're going to figure it out and it's going to start to flood.
And I think right now is one of those times when it might just flood.
So let me get rid of the spinning G so you can see some of those guys up there.
So what he just said there is very crucial.
Now, let me refer back to my friend, Mark Kulak, who oftentimes
And I say this in the most complimentary way, we'll kind of stumble into something very interesting biologically with his spidey sense, but not really be able to fully see its significance.
And oftentimes I can't either.
One of the things that happened earlier last year was that he started to talk about this guy Venky Ramaskhani something, something guy who does ribosomes.
And he, Mark started to try and make the intellectual argument that the ribosome is actually what everybody is interested in.
That's the machine that everybody wants to figure out how it works.
There's all these other machines, you know, like DNA polymerase and RNA polymerase and blah, blah, blah, that we have sort of made better cartoons about how they work and can at least make claims about having some fidelity of understanding of how they're constructed and how those subunits work together.
Ribosomes,
That's not the case at all.
Ribosomes are the mystery of mysteries that are often almost exclusively hand-waved as things that are just hard to understand.
Number one, because they're not just protein machines like enzymes, but they're actually composed of proteins and ribonucleic acids that work together to form their molecular clockwork machinery, however it works.
It's a very, very
poorly understood concept in biology, also because you are often tricked or misled into believing that all ribosomes are basically the same.
Whereas it's pretty likely that my ribosomes are different than those of my kids.
Maybe even that there are ribosomes in different tissues in my body which function differently because those tissues need a different complement of proteins with a different set of folding parameters or a different set of glycosylation rules.
And we have no concept of the breadth and depth of this bouquet of potential that would be there if ribosomes are tissue specific or individual conspecific specific or ethnically specific or any of these things.
They certainly are.
And he gives you just a very brief flicker
of this irreducible complexity when he says, we don't really have a program which can identify ribosome initiation sites, places where the ribosome decides to start reading RNA.
Even though they refer to stop codons and stop codons all the time.
That illusion of fidelity is just that.
They talk about the ones they know, knowing that this is by far and away not an exhaustive understanding of how ribosomes decide to start and stop, how ribosomes influence or not the folding and tertiary glycosylation of things and yada, yada, yada.
So listen carefully to what he says, because it's very, very important to hear it.
Why did that happen?
When did that go off?
Somehow that clicked.
Is it back now?
Should be back now, right?
Back?
Okay, let me go back.
I'll go back.
Sorry about that.
It actually clicked.
It actually clicked off.
I don't know why it did that.
Okay, I'm going back.
So again, the point we're trying to make, I don't know how long the sound was off.
Boy, that's creepy.
Um, we're going back because I want to make the point.
Well, I just made it.
I'm going to listen to it again.
This would have been a major alarm bell if they just loaded the vector into snap gene and looked at this.
I didn't do any work here.
Snap gene highlighted this for me.
Um, all right, this has been published too in other papers.
This isn't some spooky thing that's come up in my computer.
Like people have made note of this, that the Pfizer plasmid, interestingly enough, can be read in the opposite direction without any stop codons for 1200 and like 30 amino acids or
So without any stop codons, except for, of course, the fact that the pseudouridine often results in a stop codon because of the wobble base.
So don't forget that part.
And so there's also this little note here that I can see on my screen that says amyloidogenic 1, which is also
Darn it.
So let's keep listening.
So, it has a potential to make a very large open reading frame of non-self material in the plasmid that's being injected into people.
So, that would look up as well.
This has been known since how long?
Since 2021?
Ever since the sequence came out.
Let me see.
The first sequence that came out was from Annie Fires Lab.
They did RNA sequencing, and all they published was
They didn't find any vector, and all they published was the spike protein region.
And I think somebody since then, I have to pick up the right author on this, I'm forgetting their name, had noted that there was an open reading frame in the opposite direction on the spike protein that was uninhibited due to their codon optimization.
But everyone wrote it off being like, well, single-stranded RNA, you'll never have that strand around, don't worry about it.
But now we know there's DNA in there, that strand is around.
And that's another bioactive molecule that should have stuck out to any regulator who would put this in the SNAP gene and open this.
They would have said, all right, there's SV40.
They didn't tell us about that.
There's an F1 origin that makes some strand of DNA.
And what the hell is this 1,200 amino acid ORF doing here in the opposite direction on spike?
That's not part of the virus.
The virus doesn't have this.
This is a codon optimization artifact that shouldn't be there.
Is this on the antisense strand?
It is.
Yeah, it's on the other strand.
should we don't know if it's got a promoter or not but we don't know if it's got a promoter or not listen to him say it again it's on the antisense strand it is yeah it's on the other strand so you know we should we don't know if it's got a promoter or not but
Would the bacteria have read that and created RNA?
This is a really good question.
How do you predict internal ribosomal entry sites?
There aren't good computer programs to look for irises, internal ribosomal entry sites.
This is a place where ribosomes bind down and move.
That would be one very interesting thing to have tested, wouldn't it have been?
One very interesting thing for them to have looked at across the population that they transfected.
What signal could they have looked for with a post-transfection test to decide whether a particular, what do you call it?
A ribosomal initiation signal, internal ribosome initiation signal, an iris, whether an iris was present in your body or not.
Because then if it was,
then maybe another protein would be expressed.
Maybe they would find a signal that you would become seroprevalent to, and then they could look and go, yeah, wow, you got this, it worked.
And they would know, they would know what they were reading, but you wouldn't.
It would tell you that, yeah, the vaccine worked, luckily you got antibodies, and it would tell them that, yeah, he's got an iris site that corresponds to that batch.
Because we don't have any programs to identify that stuff.
And we know, we really do know that ribosomes are the thing that all these people have been interested in for decades.
Ribosomes, they know because that's where the rubber meets the road.
That's where the book is translated into the object, right?
The picture of the desk and then the desk gets made.
the code of the amino acids and then the amino acids get assembled and folded correctly or incorrectly.
And that process is governed by ribosomes.
The part that they hand wave over all the time.
The one that Chris Martinson says, the spike protein is made, but it's misfolded.
Doesn't talk about the truncated RNAs that are a result of bad production or by the codon optimizing.
That again, remember, Kevin McCurdy came on my stream and talked about in 2021.
Doesn't mention it anymore.
Now, the second question is, will it make RNA off of this?
Well, there's an SV40 promoter over here, which is this 72 base pair piece is a bidirectional promoter.
It makes RNA both directions off this molecule.
So it will make an RNA that goes this long.
The question is, will the ribosomes read it?
Because we don't know if there's a Kozak consensus sequence anywhere in here.
I didn't see one, but I'd ask others to go and look, because I've been told the iris elements are hard to bioinformatically predict.
So he's just regurgitating stuff that other people told him?
about the iris sites being hard to predict bioinformatically?
Well, that sounds like information that people want to know.
I wonder why it would be hard to predict.
Maybe it's easier to predict if you have a population like China or a population like Israel, where there's a little bit more genetic uniformity.
Interesting to think about if it's similar in Japan or in India.
Can't be possible that all these people would have already had plans in place to make sure that they could identify internal ribosome initiation sites across different ethnicities.
That would be a conspiracy theory.
All this stuff up and integrates, you're going to end up getting these little open reading frames that are likely to be in frame.
Good point.
That's non-human.
Somebody just made the point that there's no pseudouridine in the DNA plasmid.
Excellent point.
Thank you very much.
get displayed in cells, right?
It's just something that, and you're doing code on optimization, this is a flag.
Like you don't want to have the opposite strand be fully coding because it's just, it's more noise in the system.
So it creates risk.
It creates risk, and it's a sign that no one looked at this.
Pfizer gave them the sequence.
They did it in 45 minutes.
The lady from Moderna admitted it in a TED Talk.
They got the sequence offline.
They added in a plasmid in 45 minutes.
They were making it.
Come on.
This is just silly talk file.
And that was the end of the story.
Right.
And nobody's asking, like, why did you do this?
And how come, you know, this is there and why, you know, aren't you do something where you're doing something?
Yeah.
Why are these components needed?
You can you can pull up Moderna stuff and see they don't have these things.
So you're like, OK, well, one manufacturer doesn't have as many risks as the other.
Well, you know, are these necessary?
What's the point?
I do think that Grace's dad is going to end up being right, that they are going to throw Pfizer under the bus.
I mean, it definitely feels like it here, doesn't it?
Yeah.
Okay.
So let's take this down from there.
That's interesting.
This Pfizer has been pushed the hardest, right?
Globally.
Yeah.
And the other thing in here to keep in mind right there, that's the promoter.
The Ampar promoter is the promoter that Moderna uses.
Pfizer has it too.
So all of this stuff here is just all risk, no gain.
You don't need it.
Duplication.
Yeah.
I agree.
Like my understanding is correct me if I'm wrong, Kevin, but the ideal, uh,
plasmids to be using for this are the ones that are stripped down to the minimum bioactive sequence that are needed, right?
No activity in mammalian cells, right?
Just get rid of anything that actually creates complications.
I've just got a quick question for that sequence that you were just describing, because that's a... Get rid of anything that could create complications.
And if you get rid of all things that can create complications, then it sounds like to me Kevin McKernan thinks transfection and transformation.
is a fantastically flawless technology.
It was just executed wrong.
Hear it for what he's saying because that's what he's saying.
plasmids to be using for this are the ones that are stripped down to the minimum bioactive sequence that are needed, right?
No activity mammalian cells, right?
Just get rid of anything that's actually create complications.
I've just got a quick question for that sequence that you were just describing because that's a concern for me as well.
Are there any sequence similarities to any known
I'll send you the sequence for it.
I quickly blasted it and didn't get any hits that were of interest or made any sense, but I've been told that I shouldn't just rely on NRNR and BLAST.
There could be other protein databases I should be go searching through to see if there's something else that comes up.
Yeah, if you don't mind sending it to me, I'd like to have a look.
Because you're right, if that gets expressed, that could be...
that's something that the immune system will definitely... Well hopefully Byron will waste lots and lots of time on that, right?
Because that's what they want.
They want him to feel like he's contributing, that he's pushing the ball forward after all these years of having to fight for his life.
while Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and Brett Weinstein and others have curated the narrative from the United States.
And now they're just making him feel like he's made some difference when I guarantee you, it is because of these people that he hasn't made a difference.
Definitely respond to, so it would be very bioactive.
And this all links back to, I think, what Chris was saying as well.
And you, Steve, with this idea of the timing with this, especially this new information, I've been swamped with questions from people like, what are the safety implications?
And a lot of people have done their research and recognize that this bacterial plasmid DNA can be very long lasting, like Kevin said, especially if any of it gets integrated, then it's going to be there for the rest of the cell's life.
And to me, it links to what you were talking about, about adverse events long-term.
And I've said to people, and they asked me, I said, you know, I wish I could tell you, but I can't predict what long-term consequences would possibly be, because we don't know.
We haven't been able to study this.
But that's what we have to highlight here, right?
These plasmid DNAs, we were told the modified RNAs would be
gone quickly, like within 36 hours in the body.
We know that's not true, but these plasmid DNAs, like Kevin can confirm, plasmid DNA, bacterial plasmid DNA, is a very robust molecule.
And that, you know, so it's this kind of stuff that could potentially be a mechanistic explanation for the things you were observing, Steve, right?
Why things could be happening well after having received shots.
So the question is, why is it there?
You know, why is it in the vaccines at all?
Is it just because, well, this was the expedient, and we needed to get it out quickly, and our manufacturing process kind of left it in, and we didn't do anything to clean it up because we knew the regulators wouldn't look?
Or, like, what is the rationale for all of these things being kind of in there?
Because they all create risk.
Why are they there?
Why do you think they are there?
I mean, I suspect it was warp speed type of activity.
I don't, I can't get in people's heads and understand intentions.
So I don't know that this is like nefariously put in there.
I think when people move very quickly, I suspect Pfizer's vaccine or their plasmid, the idea behind that plasmid was, hey, we could express this in mammalian cells and that could be very helpful for us to study what type of proteins made.
So let's put it in a vector that works in both bacteria and mammalian cells.
That way we can shuttle it back and forth.
And there's all types of more biochemistry we could do.
That makes total sense to me that someone would do that.
And then I probably graduate,
into the vaccine.
Yeah, if you're a researcher working on this spike protein, you want to put it in a plasmid that has some universality to it so you can study it in mammalian cells and then amp it up in bacteria.
But that's using human beings as guinea pigs in your experiment, right?
I'm suggesting they were probably, they had the interest of maybe putting this in HEK cells or something else to see, okay, let's express the spike protein in mammalian cells and then mass spec it and see how it glycosylates or whatever.
You could use the plasmid as a model to study the production of the actual protein.
but not in a vaccine that is given in billions of doses.
They should have removed it, but they probably just ran with the research plasmid and used that as the production plasmid.
Yeah, I concur.
I concur with Kevin.
Right.
We've all been told we were all assured that no corners were cut, but I agree with Kevin.
It makes sense.
What he said is exactly that's exactly how you would design something for the research stage.
So, to me, this was for the preclinical and translational research phases.
And to me, this is probably exactly what Kevin said.
An example of.
the warp speed rate at which these were developed.
And so they're going to say that the original plasmid was approved and so they couldn't change from the original plasmid that was given the EUA when they went into production.
They had to stick with the same plasmid even though they changed the process supposedly.
So we're about to be told a story which is full of contradiction and full of incongruency because they changed the process, but we're supposed to believe they saved the plasmid because the plasmid got the EUA, but not the process.
which I think has to be incorrect, but again, more work is gonna be necessary to crack this illusion, but I guarantee you, we are pressing our face painfully against the brick wall right now.
Coming out and the fact that they didn't have the time to redesign the plasmid, like Kevin said, for the clinical use.
Right.
Right, now this is making sense.
And they probably thought they could get rid of it all, right?
Oh, we're just gonna erase that.
So we're gonna cover our tracks and no one will know that we used the research plasmid.
Exactly, and so Kevin, I've got a quick question for you.
I think it's very important, Steve, because I just like to get confirmation from Kevin, because I respect his expertise in this as being far greater than mine, because it was confusing to me.
So I'll disclose, I sat on the advisory committee for graduate student over the past couple of years, who was developing an mRNA vaccine for use in poultry actually,
And of course, we advised that after the mRNA was made—so it wasn't the modified RNA—but after the mRNA was made, to get rid of the DNA.
And they used DNAs, you know, an enzyme that can digest it, and they had no problem getting rid of it.
So I was very confused at first, but then I saw a paper recently suggesting that the issue here is with these modified RNAs, that you get all of these odd, like, multi-strand—in fact,
DNA and RNA combinations and stuff.
And apparently it makes it very difficult to actually get rid of the DNA.
Is that true?
It does.
If you look at Moderna's RNA, they have a hundredfold more spike DNA than they have vector DNA.
So when their DNA goes to town, it clears out the backbone of the plasma, but it can't digest the spike DNA as well.
And that's presumably because there's a lot of spike RNA that's protecting the DNA from nucleus activity.
So when T7 makes RNA, and you're putting in these modified nucleotides that alter the melting temperature of the RNA, and they're really sticky, what happens is you get a triple helix.
You get an RNA, an R-loop, which is an RNA-DNA hybrid.
And some nucleases are good at resolving that, and some aren't.
They use DNA as one.
If you go through, just simply through any of these catalog, you would not use that.
You would use DNA XT, which is actually designed to get rid of R-loops.
So there's other nucleases that can be used to clean this up.
And I think people should know that this is a very fixable problem.
And I think even if they fix it, I don't think they're out of the woods.
I just want to emphasize the fact that this moves so quickly that they use the first enzyme you would pick, which is DNase 1.
But there's many other enzymes that have been evolved to actually do a better job at solving this problem that they never got to.
And I wouldn't be surprised if they could fix it very quickly.
So, Kevin, I find it very interesting.
I didn't realize that it's so interesting that you've identified other DNAs that could be used to more effectively get rid of this stuff.
So, with that, my understanding is, looking at your preprint article, your very recent one that you just released a few days ago, that it was the first evaluation of
It is correct.
You are right.
I looked it up, and you are right.
It's eight months ago that this was.
It's a little bit older than I thought it was.
You're right that I said it was.
But I think it's appropriate on Thursday, a little throwback to eight months ago.
And before that, we went back before the pandemic with Chris Martinson.
So thanks for pointing that out.
It's Oizen Page definitely is correct there.
Moderna's newest booster.
And I'll tell you, so I know, of course.
Thank you for putting that link in, by the way.
I really appreciate when people do that, because I don't, I should be doing that, but I'm not.
So we're close with David Speaker, who was doing a lot of research.
I told him I'm 100% convinced they will fix the problem and got rid of it.
But yet it's still there.
The DNA contamination is still there.
So there's the question.
And if somebody like you, they could have called you up and pick your brain about, okay, you've identified.
See, this is what research does.
You identify a problem and then you come up with potential solutions.
So why do you think they wouldn't have got rid of that?
Because then they could say, for all this stuff you're raising, they could say, moot.
It's all moot point, right?
It's all the historical shots.
Yeah, I think there's a lot of us that have a liability waiver.
Everything's moot and irrelevant.
So there's no motivation for them to fix this, which is why we really need to lean on the regulators to push on this because... Oh, so we really need to lean on the regulators to push this.
But unfortunately, our regulators are crap or they're corrupt, which is what he told us in April of 2024.
We had to get rid of all regulation, deregulate everything.
Otherwise, this was going to be a disaster.
I hear some pretty interesting contradictions and incongruities.
So they're just going to keep claiming it's safe and effective until one of their family members dies.
In fact, there's risk if they change it, right?
There's risk if they change it because they'd have to then do another clinical trial and they'd be back to square one.
So why change it?
But this is the interesting thing.
So what you just raised, Kevin, is this legal indemnity that they have.
which I was just sharing with Steve the other day that I read a very recent ruling in Michigan, right?
It was a guy who got badly injured after getting remdesivir, and it was a lot that was known to be contaminated with tiny glass particles, right?
It had been recalled, but it was given to him anyways.
The hospital hadn't returned their batch at that point.
And he launched a lawsuit, it went to court, and Gilead Sciences, who manufactures the remdesivir, was named at the lawsuit.
They immediately claimed the legal indemnity, but a court in Michigan just ruled that, well, it was interesting, they agreed, Gilead Sciences, they agreed, yes, you have legal indemnity for the approved components of your product, right, that ingredient list.
But you don't have legal indemnity for contaminants.
And so would that not apply here to Pfizer?
I think so because they didn't include, when you look at their ingredient list, there isn't any DNA on it.
Exactly, exactly.
It's not on the list.
I remember we both spoke at the World Council for Health a few days ago as well, and I showed the ingredient.
So we had a Freedom of Information Request to confirm what Health Canada actually saw, and Health Canada has now, through a Freedom of Information Request, released it.
And we also have confirmed definitively that Health Canada, on their approved ingredient list, there's no plasmid DNA.
And now they've admitted that with that, and in addition, so even if there was that there,
Still, one can argue the SV40, like Kevin said, was not disclosed, so that's not an approved.
So even if that were okay, they were okay with some plasma DNA, they weren't okay with the SV40.
So the way I look at it legally, I don't know how Pfizer can possibly escape legal indemnity here.
Well, I think they're going to go for it.
One possible way, though, with glass particles, you have the contaminant and you have the harm.
They might say, well, there's no harm from this.
So can I rewind just a bit?
Because we were talking about the possible harm that this might come from this.
Well, you don't know it's hard that there's harm is the is the issue.
Well, well, so, but they're going to try and evade that.
So let me just play devil's advocate here.
So, so they're going to say, Oh, you know, they're not replication competent.
And even if they were there, they're actually only in bacteria and there's no bacteria in your deltoid.
Did he say they're not replication competent?
What's not replication competent?
The DNA fragments.
Why did he choose those words?
You think he chose those words because that's how to describe this?
Or do you think he chose those words because he's actively absorbing gigaohm biological content in order to obfuscate our relevance?
I'm sorry, I don't want to be egoistic, but that's what's happening here.
Nobody else uses those words but us.
Replication-competent DNA.
Hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, boy!
That is amazing shit right there.
Well, well, so, but they're going to try and evade that.
So let me just play devil's advocate here.
So, so they're going to say, Oh, you know, they're not replication competent.
And even if they were there, they're actually only in bacteria and there's no bacteria in your deltoid, um, et cetera.
So, so can you, can you lay out the, the, how would this stuff get uptaken and do the harm?
Yeah, I think you're right.
They're going to, they're going to point out it's all broken up.
It's with, now don't forget that Sabine Hazan,
makes the argument that these DNA can be expressed and these plasmids can be expressed in the gut of your microbiome.
Because, you know, that's bacteria.
And that's significant and it should be on your radar.
Just make sure that's on your radar, because we're going to, at some point, have to address her work and her contribution to this.
Within the limits, and the limits are at 10 nanograms per microliter and less than 200 or over 200 bases.
And we meet all those criteria.
And there's some lots that don't meet that criteria.
And depending on how you measure them, there's a big debate on that.
But let's put that aside.
I think what wasn't considered in those regulations is that the DNA be encapsulated in lipid nanoparticles.
They were assuming like a 10 minute half-life of DNA in the blood, which I agree with them.
If it's just injected,
it's going to get eaten apart and it probably won't have it'll it'll be an adjuvant is what they'll say is every every contaminant they find eventually graduates into an adjuvant category um and so they'll they'll pin it on that as look it's doing a little interferon response over here that could be good for you um so but but the fact that it's that we know it's in the LMPs means it's materially different than what they evaluated in the past and we've seen even some FDA so that's pretty terrible right because now
contaminants are adjuvants.
He's almost kind of giving the vaccine industry the benefit of the doubt with regard to real adjuvants then, isn't he?
It's already saying that adjuvants do something in other vaccines other than just be toxic.
It's extraordinary.
You need to hear it because every one of these statements is probably chosen more or less scripted, maybe even listed in front of them, the ones that are playing.
It's Kilman, I think, is a paper we referenced, or Klinman, we referenced in our recent preprint that shows if there's any of these bioactive pieces of DNA, the limit doesn't go to 200 bases.
They're worried about seven bases.
Even as small as seven bases that can integrate and disrupt a gene is a problem.
So we really have to focus them on, this isn't about naked DNA.
This is about transfection-competent DNA going in that's bioactive that could get to the nucleus and create a genotoxic event.
And you did no studies on genotoxicity.
These were waived.
So you can't say that there's no genotoxicity because you gave them a hall pass on genotoxic.
So we really have to focus them on, this isn't about naked DNA.
This is about transfection competent DNA going in that's bioactive that could get to the nucleus and create a genotoxic event.
And you did no studies on it.
I'm telling you the use of competent there is bullshit and wrong.
They are making up words right now.
They are making new combinations of words to absorb this idea of competent
viral particles and the debate about whether or not a viral particle is competent.
They are trying to absorb it into this debate so that when you search for stuff and when you try to understand it, it's going to start to get all intertwined here.
I can guarantee, almost, I would bet a lot of money that if you went before 2020 and tried to find someone talking about transfection competent DNA, you couldn't find that combination of three terms.
genotoxicity.
These were waived.
So you can't say that there's no genotoxicity because you gave them a hall pass on genotoxicity.
And now we have a mechanism that could induce this.
So this needs to be looked at.
We already had a mechanism by which transfection was criminally negligent for healthy humans.
We don't need a mechanism by which
Harm might be caused by DNA specifically.
This is absurd But it is exactly the limited spectrum of debate.
They want to trap people in
Chris, I think they're going to go into exactly what you said, is they're going to say there's no evidence of harm, safe and effective, all these people passed it, and by the way, these nanogram limits we put in place means that we're okay.
It's important that people know those nanogram limits were a thousand fold lower before the Reagan, what is it, the NCBIA Act.
The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, they were at 10 picograms before that.
They put that in place, and then the DNA contamination guidelines ballooned 1,000-fold in 10 years.
Those nanogram limits were 1,000-fold lower before the NCBIA.
The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act, they were at 10 picograms before that.
They put that in place and then the nanogram or the DNA contamination guidelines ballooned a thousand fold in 10 years.
So there's- But that's not what protects now, right?
So again, here we are, not really talking about the right legal context in the right legal way and referencing something that doesn't, I don't think it plays the way that he's playing it.
and especially doesn't play with regard to these biologics because they're governed under the PrEP Act and the emergency declared within.
So that's again, in my opinion, although I'm not a lawyer, this was just a distraction there.
He just mentioned something that you're gonna Google and think about and add to your list of complicated details.
The criminal vaccine schedule in America was criminal before the pandemic, and so any PrEP Act version of it is definitely criminal, too.
There used to be a much lower limit, and the limits that they designed were based on host cell genomic DNA, which at 10 nanograms, you're talking about 1,200 copies of the human genome.
That's not a lot of copies.
10 nanograms of this material is like 200 billion pieces of DNA with active oxides and hydroxyls.
This is material that's ready to cause some harm, or at least get ligated into something.
But I do want to bring up one point that Chris is punching on here, because this is a good devil's advocate position here.
I've heard this from others online too, which is, hey, any cell that gets transfected with spikes is going to be dead, right?
So why do you care if it's dragging other crap along for the ride?
And I've kind of pushed back on that being like, well, is that true?
Is it binary?
Is it any cell that gets transfected dies?
Because if that's so, how come it shows up in like breast milk and plasma and exosomes and all this other stuff like a year later?
I don't know that it's 100% kill rate on transfection.
I think there's a population that seems to limp along for a long period of time.
And those are the ones we have to worry about for tumors.
Wow, so that's a pretty bold claim there, right?
Because limps along meaning what?
That they test positive for the spike protein, which isn't produced in high fidelity?
These are very hand-waving stories that are being told now about what we know and don't know about post-transfection symptomology.
Again, because we're only using their tools.
If we want to detect something after transfection, we have to use their tools.
Nobody's genuinely investigating this, certainly not these people.
It's extraordinary what he says here.
I want to listen to it again.
Cell that gets transfected with spikes is going to be dead, right?
So why do you care if it's dragging other crap along for the ride?
And I've kind of pushed back on that, being like, well, is that true?
Is it binary?
Is it any cell that gets transfected dies?
Because if that's so, how come it shows up in breast milk and plasma and exosomes and all this other stuff?
And so he's really trying to set forth the idea that you needed to have transformation of cells and transfection of cells with the DNA in order for it to exist this long.
Because otherwise, if it would have worked as intended, those cells that express the protein would have been destroyed and we wouldn't have this problem.
So there is, again, a little bit of contradiction and a little bit of incongruity there in his cartoon biology that he explains with words that sound good together but don't make biological sense when strung the way that they are being strung.
Like a year later, I don't know that it's 100% kill rate on transfection.
I think there's a population that seems to limp along for a long period of time.
And those are the ones we have to look at for tumors.
Oh yeah, says Steve Kirsch.
Oh yeah.
Please.
Is that your understanding, Byron?
Because I'm not as dialed in on the immunology front here.
Well, so I can give you one example right off the bat.
Immunoprivileged sites would not be susceptible to being killed off, right?
So we're talking about places like the testes, ovaries, the eye, the central nervous system, et cetera.
So there's lots of tissues.
And this is the interesting thing too, because there's- Oh, so all the places that the lipid nanoparticles not supposed to go,
that have nothing to do with whether you get a bolus or not, but he's still cited Marc Giraudot.
So you see this little tiny network, and whenever they can throw in a name of one of these puppets or people that are on their team, they do it, even when it's completely irrelevant, like Marc Giraudot.
It's extraordinary when you hear it.
It's just like right so far in your face.
The bricks are scratching me.
Avalanche sites would not be susceptible to being killed off, right?
So we're talking about places like the testes, ovaries, the eye, the central nervous system, you know, et cetera.
So there's lots of tissues.
And this is the interesting thing too.
Because I was going to say, then the question becomes, what's the biodistribution?
It's so funny, isn't it, Steve?
Of this DNA.
And that also links to what you were asking, Chris, because this is interesting.
So even what you were saying, Kevin, I agree.
If this is free in the blood, it is going to be degraded.
But remember, in the blood are phagocytic cells, like the monocytes you were talking about.
And there's also macrophages that can be in the blood just before they go into tissues.
And they can be dendritic cells.
These are what we call the phagocytic cells of our immune system.
And these cells can't—they're not really efficient, but they can take up naked bacterial plasmid DNA.
But this is the thing.
That uptake is dramatically amplified when these things are bound to lipid nanoparticles.
And we're talking cationic lipids that are making up these lipid nanoparticles, so based on the charge,
of the plasmid DNA, it can't efficiently bind to those cationic lipid nanoparticles.
And so this raises two questions that are problems based on what you brought up, Chris.
First, a while back you were saying, how do we differentiate between harms due to the spike and harms due to things like the cationic plasmid DNA?
The easy answer would be, if all the plasmid DNA was free-floating in there, then you remove the lipid nanoparticles with the modified RNA, you just have that plasmid DNA and you administer that, say in an animal model, versus the whole dose.
and see what the effect is.
But the problem is, like Kevin said, they're married to the lipid nanoparticles, which are married to the modified RNA, which expresses the spike.
So we can't parse this out very easily.
But my concern then, Kevin, is because they're associated with these lipid nanoparticles, that means they get distributed to wherever the lipid nanoparticles go, which go to some of these areas.
Yeah, I think if you look at the biodistribution studies of the luciferase mRNA, that's where all the DNA is going, because I don't think this DNA is on its own.
I think it's actually hybridized to the RNA, and it's going into the cell as a DNA-RNA hybrid, just because DNA-RNA hybrids are more stable than DNA-DNA hybrids.
Thermodynamically, that's what's going to happen, is those two are going to be stuck together.
There's a higher concentration of the RNA than the DNA, so all the DNA is going to get pulled out of solution to the RNA, and it's going to get presented to the cell as a DNA-RNA hybrid.
Yeah, and you see, the way that's a concern, Kevin, is because when it's phagocytic cells, phagocytic cells will often travel, especially if you pick things up.
Just remember that he said that this is a problem that can be solved, right?
And specifically, Kevin said that.
This is a problem that can be solved.
So now the only question is, how long are they going to dig into this stupid, complicated explanation for this problem?
Because the longer they dig into it, and the longer they work together to create this illusion of consensus that we're asking the right questions, and then sub-questions of these questions are definitely relevant,
Then they keep Byron Bridle busy working on this hamster wheel where he'll never get out and say, hey, wait a minute.
What was the underlying narrative that justified the rollout of these transfections that they knew all along was gonna be bad?
Did they murder people in the United States and lie about it so that people in Canada would take these shots without questioning them?
Did they lie and murder people in America so that people around the world would take these shots?
Because that's a question that none of these Americans are asking.
None of these Americans have ever thought about the possibility that just like they might have demolished buildings in New York City to blame it on terrorists, they might have murdered people and lied about it in order to blame it on a natural or lab leak virus.
And none of these Americans are sophisticated enough to see through it.
And they could very easily say, hey Byron, wouldn't it be crazy if Americans or traders in America allowed the murder of some Americans and then lied about it so that people like you in Canada would be fooled into taking a transfection?
Wouldn't that be a much more effective message?
Byram is definitely no traitor.
I don't think he is at all.
But I think these three people are working very, very hard to project an illusion of consensus that Byram can't see through and is actually trapped in, not only on this stream, but I'm sure off the stream as well.
The lymph nodes and so on.
So they would be susceptible, I believe, to killing eventually once there's an immune response mounted against the spike protein.
But what you're talking about then is we're talking about any cell being able to take these up.
So wherever those lipid nanoparticles go.
I mean, what you see right now with Pierre Kory saying something about the vaccine schedule in general is him stepping in front of Peter McCullough, who already had the guts to go off script and say that a long time ago.
I really think Peter McCullough is closer to being on our team than any of these other people, that's for sure.
Byram excluded.
You'll notice the regulators spend a lot more time diving into the double-stranded RNA numbers than the DNA numbers.
And that's because the double-stranded RNA induces all types of mayhem inside the cell.
But I don't know that we have as much information on what happens with DNA-RNA hybrids.
I imagine those look pretty ugly to the cell as well.
That's a less-studied field.
They're doing something really weird measuring the double-stranded RNA, which is another area we want to dig into.
I mean, they're using some ELISA assay to quantitate that, and that should all be done, I think, with next-generation sequencing.
Because when we look at this through an RNA sequencing process, we see all types of Watson strand RNA that shouldn't be there under the spike.
When you do RNA sequencing, you should get all Crick strands, which are scent strands, right?
Because the T7 makes one RNA.
But when you do RNA sequencing, you don't see that.
You see all types of sequence coverage on the wrong strand, which means there's a lot of double-stranded RNA in there that hasn't been accounted for.
And the assay they're using is something that, I don't know if anyone's ever validated that on RNA that has this methyl decorated like this.
And there's 800 more methyl groups on this RNA.
I would imagine that ELISA is probably- Think about all these details that don't matter when transfection in healthy humans was criminally negligent, no matter how pure they made it.
But they're wasting minutes and hours talking about the details of this process too, which they already knew from the very beginning would never result in a pure RNA because of the nature of the biochemistry of DNA, RNA, and proteins.
The typical processes which are used to purify a biologic-like and monoclonal antibody do not work with regard to RNA and DNA separation and purification.
And they knew that.
This guy who dropped out of college to work at the Human Genome Project at the Whitehead Institute, he knew that.
This guy who dropped out of a pharmaceutical company a decade ago to get on the PBS NewsHour as a guy who was speaking out against the national debt and growing population, he knew that.
And that guy's not sophisticated enough to have invented the thing that he claims he invented and being the serial entrepreneur that he is.
He's also just a fake.
They are all being promoted as people that know stuff and they are all agreeing to go on camera and agree that they know stuff.
in order to get Byron Bridle to think that he's still making a difference.
That's how malevolent this is.
I've never seen that before and might be undercounting it.
So I think there's a lot of other aspects in here that need to be dug into outside just the DNA contamination.
I agree.
And Kevin, I wanted to just highlight one other thing, one thought about what you raised, about how they might try and make the argument, right, that this DNA contamination could potentially serve as an adjuvant.
And you're absolutely right in the sense that our immune system, for obvious reasons, for fighting off bacterial pathogens, is very good at recognizing bacterial DNA, and it's a potent stimulator of the immune system.
But I'm thinking, for example, of the fact that these shots are being administered to women who are pregnant.
One of the things you always, always, always want to avoid in somebody who's pregnant is anything that would cause systemic inflammation.
Because stomach inflammation means it could potentially inflate it.
So now we're here on the Naomi Wolf arguing point that we should have never given this to pregnant women.
Well, no shit.
We shouldn't have never given it to anybody that was healthy and wanted to live a long healthy life afterwards.
Never mind two or three doses, boosters or other combinations of RNA targeting other things like pneumonia or flu.
And instead of talking about those big picture issues that will make people understand the malevolence of the crime, we're talking about stupid, complicated details for several minutes in a row where the vast majority of people are just being bamboozled into believing that these guys got it under control.
I'm gonna leave it to Steve and these other heroes.
have an influence on the reproductive tract.
And so what's interesting as a way to agree with this argument about, you know, maybe it's a good thing because it can serve as an adjuvant if it was like a traditional shot and it stayed in the muscle or state.
If it was like a traditional shot and it stayed in the muscle, I don't know where he got his data, but that doesn't happen.
Even if you just believe Marc Giraudeau, it doesn't happen one out of every nine times.
But it doesn't ever happen.
What you inject in the muscle doesn't stay there.
That's ridiculous.
Why did he say that?
inflammation because stomach inflammation means it could potentially have an influence on the reproductive tract and so what's interesting is I would agree with this argument about you know maybe it's a good thing because it can serve as an adjuvant if it was like a traditional shot and it stayed in the muscle or stayed isolated there and to the regional and local lymph nodes because you want that inflammation that's the danger signal.
Did you see Kevin's face when he said that?
This was a landmark in the conversation.
This was a pre-planned landmark in the conversation.
I can almost see it from Kevin's face.
Watch.
This is starting to annoy me now.
This is starting to annoy me now because there's no reason for him to say this.
There is no reason for him to think that the lipid nanoparticles make it go, make stuff go farther.
And that if you inject a toxin or a heavy metal in your muscle, it's not going to stay in your muscle.
That's how, how the hell does the aluminum get into the brain then?
And the mercury got into the brain then?
What are we talking about here, Byram?
Now I'm not so sure anymore about this man.
This is a very big red flag to say these words in combination with one another.
It's on the reproductive tract.
And so what's interesting as a way to agree with this argument about, you know, maybe it's a good thing because it can serve as an adjuvant if it was like a traditional shot and it stayed in the muscle or stayed isolated there and to the regional and local lymph nodes because
You want that inflammation, that's the danger signal, to draw the attention of the immune system, so you bring in those phagocytic cells to pick up the RNA, make the spike protein, and go and show that spike protein to all the cells in your lymph nodes.
That's good.
But the problem is when you get this plasma DNA that can be highly immunostimulatory distributed again through the body with a wide distribution we know is typical of lipid nanoparticles.
Now you're talking systemic inflammation.
And to me, they may have convinced him that these are special.
These are different.
Like they tried to convince me and other people.
And that the old vaccine schedule, it's flawed, but it's not like this is a very, very
enticing trap, because then a lot of parents like myself can forgive themselves for having put their kids on a schedule that's criminal, that likely damaged them, that limited their ability to grow and develop.
It's a harsh reality that everyone's going to have to come to face, that the criminal vaccine schedule in America likely hurt all of our children.
that all of our children were perfect, just the way they were, and every one of us is guilty of not having protected them.
Our parents didn't protect us, but the vaccine schedule wasn't as criminal when I was a child being 52 now, than it is now for the children that are born today, like my daughter was six years ago.
There's a lot of reckoning to happen here, and they are giving all kinds of easy outs to all of these academics and parents and doctors who don't want to, and they do not want to take the leap to say that, holy shit, have they been lying to us since before the pandemic?
Has the PBS NewsHour been promoting people that they knew were gonna turn on us and help us with this controlled demolition all along, even before the pandemic they were bad?
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
Can't make the argument.
When you're promoting systemic inflammation, you can't promote, in my mind as an immunologist, that that is a good adjuvant.
To me, an adjuvant that promotes systemic inflammation is a very bad adjuvant, particularly in cases of pregnancy, for example, is a classic one.
Right, right.
Don't eat cheese, but take one of these shots.
That's the logic we were given.
I mean it's it's it's Incredibly, I don't know what's the but we're not gonna laugh about the fact that they do that with the flu shot, too We're not laughing about that that they're doing that with the RSV shot too it's not really diabolical guys You don't need to point that out Not really worth it.
It's just kind of funny.
I
irresponsible for the CDC to tell women to take a shot which causes systemic inflammation?
What else is crazy about this is they're all well aware that the next generation sequencing field just went through this whole transition off of amniocentesis to using non-invasive prenatal testing.
So like three percent of the DNA circulating in maternal bloodstream is actually the fetal genome.
So you sequence a mother's blood and you can get the entire genome of the kid.
That means there's exchange of small DNA between the mother and the child.
So this is vaccine DNA is going systemic.
I would bet it's going into the child, either through the lipid nanoparticle, or if it's even naked in the blood, there's probably some exchange there.
And they no longer do amnios now because they can sequence kids through the mother's bloodstream.
You don't have to stick a needle and have a 1 in 500 death rate with an amnio.
So there's known communication between mother and child here.
And I would bet on these LNPs getting there.
And you know what, Kevin, I'm so glad you brought that up.
I had never thought about that as well.
But you know what?
I actually have taught my students for years about the fact that technically mothers are what we call chimeras for that very reason, right?
A chimera is a combination of two different individuals.
We usually think of it like two different species, but same thing with people.
So a mother
does have a tiny genetic component of their baby.
They never mentioned micro RNAs.
They never, ever, ever mentioned micro RNAs, even though they know the RNA is highly impure and that it causes premature stop codons, which would result in RNAs, which are short sequences, micro RNAs.
I mean, it's incredible.
That stays with them.
I never thought about it, though, from the reverse direction.
You're right.
So this is why it's important to get scientists together discussing these things, because I totally agree with that concern.
That's a major concern.
So if we had a CDC scientist on this call who would defend that, yes, it was the right thing to do.
Here's a stupid hypothetical.
Steve is so good at stupid hypotheticals.
It's unbelievable.
It's like his specialty.
If there's anything
that Steve Kirsch is good at, it's coming up with stupid hypotheticals.
Here we go.
With them.
I never thought about it though from the reverse direction.
You're right.
So this is why it's important to get scientists together discussing these things, because I totally agree with that concern.
That's a major concern.
So if we had a CDC scientist on this call who would defend that, yes, it was the right thing to do to give this vaccine to pregnant women,
What argument could they possibly use in light of what you just said?
to defend, to defend argument.
Because you know, we're never going to have this discussion, right?
Because the CDC scientist is never going to be, allow themselves to be questioned because that's not what they do.
They censor us.
They do not answer any of our questions.
If they were here, how would they, how could they respond to what you just said?
Yeah, just really quickly.
Cause I can't, I put thoughts into the minds of these theoretical hypothetical people who would potentially speak to us.
But what I do know is.
I can't put any thoughts into your hypothetical FDA
It's such an intelligent conversation.
You know, their job is to take a balance, right?
And you start piling up the benefits on one side and the risks on the other.
And their job is supposed to be, if the risks outweigh the benefits, you don't move forward and vice versa.
So to me then, what they do is the risks just keep piling up massively over time.
So to me, if I'm to hypothesize what they would do, they're going to try and pile as much as they can on the benefit side.
But the problem is that they're going to argue this was super dangerous, but that's sort of gone out with work that's shown the infection fatality rate is much lower than was anticipated, etc.
But you know what I mean?
That's what they're going to try and do, Steve.
They have to.
If they're going to counter this, they're going to have to get that pile on the benefit side as high as they can to outweigh the ever mounting risks.
Yeah, and by the way, I just published on my sub stack a study of a VA paper, it was published in JAMA, and it basically showed that there was no hospitalization difference if you were hospitalized for COVID versus if you're hospitalized for influenza.
The vaccination breakdown for both vaccines was identical in the two groups, which means neither vaccines work to prevent hospitalization.
And as Byram, as you and I discussed, if there's no hospitalization benefit
There is nothing in biology that shows that you can have a mortality benefit.
So if your hospitalization benefit is zero, your mortality benefit is zero as well.
So then doesn't that mean they murdered people in hospitals and then lied about it and called it COVID, doesn't that?
What is he saying here?
This is pretty bizarre.
It has to be less than the hospitalization benefit.
There are no exceptions in biology that you were aware of.
I mean, there's a deeper issue here as well, is the CDC conflicted, right?
Do they have a motivation to actually push vaccines?
I mean, certainly there's a lot of other things that run through there.
And don't they have a separate slush fund that Pharma can fund that is involved in funding, like, shots heard around the world, and that I think Bill and Melinda Gates can pump money into?
It's not really under their budget, but they're under control of it or under influence of it.
So they do have side funds coming in.
So I don't know that we're going to get honest answers from conflicted organizations.
No, we won't.
They have $400 million in royalty from Moderna.
They're not going to give us an honest answer.
If we go to the FDA, they've got issues in that the PDUFA Act funds half of their budget.
They're getting directly funded by the companies they regulate.
So none of those are going to come to the table and give us an honest answer.
They're going to come and say safe and effective and the virus is really dangerous.
Yeah.
And just to confirm for your Canadian listeners, Steve,
It's very interesting.
Health Canada, historically, was primarily funded by taxpayers.
And so then the flip side is, is that the virus isn't very dangerous, but the shots are.
And that's the dichotomy that they're fighting about.
Shots are safe and effective.
Virus is very dangerous.
So the virus wasn't very dangerous.
It was the same as the flu.
And the shots are very dangerous.
And as long as you have this argument with them and talk about all these super specific
stupid, complicated details about the process and whether or not they lied about it, or did they obfuscate it or not?
Did they really?
Shouldn't they have annotated that better?
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You're not arguing about anything other than what they want you to argue about, which reinforces the presuppositions of the state narrative, which is exactly what this gentleman said a long time ago.
They allow a fairly lively debate within that spectrum, and you see Kevin McKernan
and Steve Kirsch and Chris Martinson trapping and encouraging that behavior inside of Byron Bridle, making him feel like he's engaged in this critical and dissident discussion while still not putting in danger his position at a university, while not really questioning the heart of the narrative, which is the criminal vaccine schedule in America.
And that's what gives these people like Byron Bridle a sense that free thinking is going on.
It's so great when these scientists get back together.
Ladies and gentlemen, the conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses has been going on for decades.
And it has become so complicated because we have allowed them to put social media and the people that are artificially promoted on it
in front of us.
And we listened to their limited spectrum of debate, their dumb questions, since the beginning of this narrative.
Already in April 24, 2020, Kevin McKernan was telling us that the virus isn't dangerous.
It's the shot.
Actually, it's the response.
It's the FDA getting in the way.
It's the
It's not by accident, ladies and gentlemen, that these people are in front of us.
It is by careful programming, selection, auditioning, and promotion of them, fake censorship of them, which has resulted in certain groups of people being in front of the United States Senate that are infiltrated enough so that the message and the content of each of the individual speakers is effectively controlled.
so that it never questioned the narrative and these people are dangerous ladies and gentlemen stop all transfection in humans because it doesn't matter how they make it it was always criminally negligent they are trying to eliminate the control group that may not be the most dangerous thing what they're really trying to do is stop people from understanding this simple truth
this little list that intra muscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and always was and RNA cannot pandemic ladies and gentlemen
you've been at the escape key for earth gigaohm biological i hope you enjoyed it if you did please find a way to share it in a unique way and if you really enjoyed it and have the means please go to gigaohm biological and find a way to support this work because we are running on fumes and we do need help so thank you very much if you want to subscribe to substack that would be great i'm going to be posting some more videos with subtitles and
And whatever there shortly, but it's just a lot of balls in the air to get a regular three hour show up or a two hour show up and so Thank you very much for all your support.
Thank you very much for for watching and sharing especially to the people who subscribe and don't forget that i'm going to be at the red pill expo on the 15th and 16th of june
There is a virtual link so you can sign up for the virtual link and we're also gonna try and stream the whole thing here live Over giga ohm biological they haven't worked out the details yet with Ed But I think Ed's gonna be down with it and I think I can get my son to hit the buttons And get that all going.
So that's the red pill Expo.
Don't forget that's happening.
And then also there's a spontaneous
spontaneous giga ohm biological event which is sort of being spontaneously organized around the brownstone meeting that's gonna occur from November 1st and 2nd in Pittsburgh and so I'm trying to encourage everyone to flood that thing it's gonna be expensive it's not for everybody but if you were looking for this one time and you're you're you're flush with money you want a trip to Pittsburgh in the beginning of November there's a brownstone meeting and I'm gonna go and there's a lot of these people these meddlers are gonna be there
And so it would be great for us to have a presence in that room.
So thanks very much for joining me.
I'm going to see you guys again tomorrow because tomorrow is Friday.
Hopefully 1010.
Thanks very much, guys.
Bye bye.